ID: 19246, description: The bathroom is located on the north side, It is next to living room and near to common , The size of the room is 5  feet width  and 5  feet length The common room is located on the north west corner, It is between kitchen and bathroom, The size of the room is 9  feet width  and 11  feet length It is located west side, It is next to living room and between common and master , The size of the room is 5 feet width  and 10  feet length The living room is located on the north east corner, It is in front of all other rooms, The size of the room is 10  feet width  and 20  feet length The master room is located on the southwest corner, It is next to living room , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 11  feet length

ID: 18887, description: Balcony1 Room Located on west side with kitchen Room on right , Total size of 4 Feet length and 4 Feet Width. Balcony2 Room Located on South east corner with living Room on above , Total size of 10 Feet length and 2 Feet Width. Bath Room on North east corner with living room covered on all direction Room on below , Total size of 7 Feet length and 7 Feet Width. Com Room Located on North west corner with balcony Room on below , Total size of 10 Feet length and 10 Feet Width. Kitchen Room on center on the plan with master Room on below , Total size of 10 Feet length and 8 Feet Width. Living Room on Covered east area with bath Room on Room on inside , Total size of 35 Feet length and 12 Feet Width. Master Room on South west corner with kitchen Room on above , Total size of 13 Feet length and 10 Feet Width.

ID: 50906, description: The balcony is located on the southeast corner side, It is next to living , The size of the room is 4  feet width  and  10  feet length The bathroom is located on the northeast corner  side, It is next to  living    , The size of the room is 5  feet width  and  8  feet length The common room is located on the west side, It is next to living and between kitchen , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 10  feet length The kitchen is located on the west  side, It is between master and common    , The size of the room is 6  feet width  and 9   feet length The living room is located on the northwest corner, It is in front of all other rooms , The size of the room is  feet 10 width  and 25  feet length The master room is located on the southwest corner, It is next to living room , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 11  feet length

ID: 34449, description: balcony is placed at south east corner and in front of living room. It has the rectangular size of 15 feet length and 4 feet width. bath room is located at north east corner of the plan and of living room too. It has the size of  10 feet length and 4 feet width. common room is located at north west corner and it is behind the kitchen room but adjacent to living room. It has the size of 14 feet length and 11 feet width. Kitchen is located at the middle of the western side so that it is between the common room and master room. It has the rectangular size of 12 feet length and 5 feet width. living room has occupied the half area of the plan towards eastern region from north to south except bathroom and balcony. It is next to master and common room. It has the area of around 460 sqrt feet. master room is situated at south west corner of the plan so that it is placed in front of the kitchen and adjacent to living room.  It is the rectangular size room, that is of 12 feet width and 17 feet length.

ID: 49556, description: The balcony 1 is located southeast corner which is south of the living room and is approximately 50 square feet. The balcony 2 is located north of the living room and is approximately 40 square feet. The bathroom is located west which is west of the living room, south common room, north of master bedroom and is approximately 40 square feet. The common is located northwest corner which is west of the living room and is approximately 150 square feet. The kitchen is located northeast corner which is east of the living room and is approximately 90 square feet. The living room is towards the east side which is north of the balcony 1 and south of balcony 2 and is approximately 600 square feet. The master bedroom is located southwest corner which is west of the living room and is approximately 150 square feet.

