ID: 22002, description: The balcony is in the north west of the apartment, next to the master bedroom. It is about 12 x 5 ft. The bathroom is in the south east side of the apartment, next to the living room. It is about 10 x 5 ft. The common room is in the south west corner of the apartment, next to the kitchen. It is about 12 x 15 ft. The kitchen is in the west side of the apartment, next to the living room. It is about 15 x 5 ft. The living room is in the east side of the apartment, next to the kitchen. It is about 30 x 20 ft. The master bedroom is in the west of the apartment, next to the kitchen. It is about 12 x 12 ft.

ID: 10131, description: The balcony is on the south east corner of the apartment next to the living room. It is 5‘ x 12' The bathroom is on the west side of the apartment next to the common room. It is 10‘ x 7' The common room is on the north west corner of the apartment next to the kitchen and bathroom. It is 12' x 12' The kitchen is in the north side of the apartment next to the master room. It is 10‘ x 5‘ The living room is on the southside of the apartment next to the balcony. It is 20‘ x 35' The master room is on the north east side of the apartment next to the living room. It is 15' x 20‘

ID: 30004, description: The balcony is located in the southwest corner side, It is next to living   , The size of the room is  2 feet width  and 10   feet length The bathroom is located in the northwest corner, It is next to living and next to main door , The size of the room is 6 feet width  and 6  feet length The common room is located in the northeast corner, It is next to kitchen  and living room  , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and  12 feet length The kitchen is located in the east  side, It is between master and common    , The size of the room is 5  feet width  and 10   feet length The living room is located in the north side, It is in center of all other rooms, The size of the room is 12   feet width  and  27  feet length The master room is located in the southeast corner side, It is next to living , The size of the room is 10  feet width  and  11  feet length

ID: 22487, description: The balcony is on the south side of the house. To the north is the master, and to the east, south, and west are house exterior. The bath is on the north side of the house. To the north and west are house exterior. To the south is the living room. To the northeast is another 2 feet exterior wall and to the southeast is the living room alcove. It is about 6 by 6 feet. The common room is on the north side of the house. To the north and east are house exterior. To the south is the kitchen with another 5 feet exterior wall east of the kitchen. To the northwest is another 2 feet exterior wall, to the southwest is the living room, with the living room alcove between them. It is about 16 feet wide by 13 feet long. The kitchen is on the east side of the house. To the north is the common room, to the east is the house exterior, to the south is the master, and the living room to the west. It is about 11 feet wide by 6 feet long. The living room is on the west side of the house. To the northwest is the bathroom and to the northeast is the common room, and there is an alcove between them leading to the main entry.  To the east is the kitchen and master, both south of the common room. To the south and west are house exterior. It is about 15 feet wide by 30 feet long, plus another 4 by 4 feet for the alcove. The master is on the east side of the house. To the north is the kitchen, to the east is house exterior, to the south is the balcony, and the living room to the west. It is about 11 feet wide by 16 feet long.

ID: 33749, description: The Balcony is in the Northeast area, has a dimension of 10 feet wide by 5 feet long and is entered through the Living room. The Bathroom has a dimension of 8 feet wide by 10 feet long, it is in the West area of ​​the House and is entered through the Living room. Common room has a dimension of 12 feet wide by 14 feet long, it is in the Northwest area of ​​the House and is connected to the Living room. Kitchen is in the East area, it has a dimension of 10 feet wide by 10 feet long and is connected to the Living room. The Living room is in the north area of ​​the House, it has a dimension of 25 feet wide by 20 feet long and has access to each of the areas of the Residence. Master room is in the Southwest corner of the House, it has a dimension of 12 feet wide by 15 feet long and is accessed through the Living room.

