ID: 25168, description: Balcony 1 is on the North-Eastern corner of the plan. It has access from the living room. The size is approximately 3' X 8' Balcony 2 is on the South-Western corner of the plan. It has access from the Master room. The size is approximately 4' X 11' The bathroom is on the Western side of the plan. It has access from the Master room and the living room. The size is approximately 5' X 5' The common room is located on the North-Western portion of the plan. It has access from the living room. The size appears to be 12' X 15' The kitchen is located in the Eastern portion of the plan. It has access from the living room. The size is approximately 8' X 12' The living room is centrally located in the plan, with access to all the other rooms in the house, except one balcony. Entrance is from the East. The size of the living room is approximately 12' X 15' The Master room is located on the south-western part of the plan. It has access from the living room and hs access to a balcony. The size of the Master room is 11' X 15'

ID: 55791, description: balcony 1 is situated ito the north of the living room, near the kitchen and the common room. it approximately measures 19x3 feet balcony 2 is situated to the south of the master room. it approximately measures12x3 feet .It is the smallest room .It is located to the south of the common room , north to the master room and  south west to the living room .It approximately measures 3 feet wide and 3 feet length. common room is situated in the north west corner, to the north of the bedroom and north west to the living room. it approximately measures 11x11 feet it is he second smallest room in the house, It is near to balcony and living room.It is five feet width and five feet length. It is situated in the north east corner. the living room is the biggest room. It is situated opposite of the balcony. Also, its near to the bathroom, common bathroom and the kitchen. It approximately is 10 feet wide and 15 feet length. master room is the second largest room. It is situated opposite of balcony number 2, south west of the living room and is near to the bathroom. It approximately is 12 feet wide and  and 14 feet length.

ID: 73023, description: The balcony is on the east side of the house. To the north and east are house exterior, to the south is the kitchen, and to the west is the living room. It is about 6 feet wide by 3 feet long. The bathroom is on the south side of the house. To the north is the living room, to the east is the main entry alcove, and to the south and west are house exterior. It is about 7 feet wide by 6 feet long. The common room is on the north side of the house. To the north is house exterior, to the east is the living room, to the south is the hallway, and to the west is the master. It is about 12 feet side by 10 feet long. The kitchen is on the east side of the house. To the north is the balcony, to the west are the living room and main entry alcove, and to the south and east are house exterior. It is about 6 feet wide by 12 feet long. The living room is central to the house. To the north is house exterior. To the east are the kitchen and balcony, and north of that is 15 feet exterior-facing wall. To the south are the bathroom and an alcove leading to the main entry. To the west are 12 feet exterior-facing wall and the common room, with a hallway between that leads west to the master. It is about 13 feet wide by 22 feet long, plus another 3 feet by 4 feet for the main entry alcove, and another 11 feet by 3 feet for the hallway. The master is on the west side of the house. To the north, west, and south are house exterior, and to the east are the common room and living room hallway. It is about 12 feet wide by 13 feet long.

ID: 21540, description: Balcony 1 is at the North east corner position. near kitchen it is 10x6 sq ft. Balcony 2 is at the south corner position. near living room 10x6 sq ft. The bathroom is at the North and west corner position. bet ween common room and master room. it is 10x6 sq ft. The common room is at the North and west corner position. between living room and bathroom. it is 10x10 sq ft. The kitchen is at the east corner position. between balcony1 and living room it is 10x8 sq ft. Living room is center position and  east face. between common room  kitchen, bathroom. it is 10x16 sq ft. The master room is at the South and west middle of the corner position. between balcony2 and bathroom it is 10x14 sq ft.

ID: 56017, description: The 5 ft x 10 ft balcony is on the south-end of the home. Connects directly to the living room. The 5 ft x 10 ft bathroom is on the north-facing wall connected to the living room and common room. One of the smallest rooms in the home aside from the kitchen. The common room is on the east-facing wall of the home connecting the living room and bathroom. About the same size as the master room of 10 ft x 20 ft. The 5 ft x 10 ft kitchen is on the west-facing side of the home behind the master room on the north-facing wall. Connected to the living room. One of the smallest rooms in the home aside from the bathroom. The living room is the largest room in the home from the balcony to the north-facing wall. Room is 20 ft x 30 ft and connects the master, balcony, common room, kitchen, and bathroom all together. The 10 ft x 20 ft master room is on the west-facing wall of the home. Is next to the living room and in front of the kitchen.

