ID: 9836, description: A balcony is located on the southwest side of the unit and is accessible from either the master bedroom or the second bedroom/office.  It is approximately 18' x 6' or 108 square feet. The bathroom is located on the north side of the unit between a third bedroom to the east and the kitchen to the west.  It is approximately 8' x 6' or 48 square feet. A second room, which can be used as a bedroom or office, is located on the southwest corner of the unit and is located west of the master bedroom.  A door on the north wall of the room leads to the living/dining room, while a door on the south side of the room leads to the balcony.  The room is approximately 15' x 20' or 300 square feet (including a closet). A third room, useful as a bedroom, office, or exercise room, is located on the northeast corner of the unit.  It is accessed from a door on the southwest corner of the room from the living/dining room.  It is approximately 12' x 12' or 144 square feet (including the closet). The kitchen is located on the northwest corner of the living/dining room and is separated from it by an island.  The kitchen is approximately 8' x 12' or 96 square feet. The living/dining room is located at the center of the unit.  A master and second bedroom are located to the south of the living/dining room and the kitchen, bathroom, and an additional room which may be used as an office or bedroom is located on the north side.  The room is approximately 28' x 25' or approximately 700 square feet.  There are no windows to the outside that can be seen in the living/dining room. The master bedroom is located on the southwest corner of the unit.  The door to the master bedroom is on the north wall leading to the living/dining room, and a door on the southwest corner leads to a balcony.  The room is approximately 18' x 18' (including the closet) or 324 square feet.

ID: 51831, description: The balcony is on the south side of the house. To the north is common room 1, to the east is the master, and to the south and west are house exterior. It is about 13 feet wide by 3 feet long. The bathroom is on the east side of the house. To the north is the living room, to the east is house exterior, to the south is the master, and to the west is the living room hallway. It is about 9 feet wide by 4 feet long. Common room 1 is on the west side of the house. To the north is the living room and west of that is 4 feet exterior-facing wall. To the east are the living room hallway and master, to the south is the balcony, and house exterior to the west. It is about 13 feet wide by 14 feet long. Common room 2 is on the north side of the house. To the north and east are house exterior, to the south is the living room, and the kitchen to the west. It is about 13 feet wide by 8 feet long. The kitchen is on the north side of the house. To the north and west are house exterior, to the south is the living room, and common room 2 to the east. It is about 10 feet wide by 8 feet long. The living room is central to the house. To the north are the kitchen and common room 2. To the west is house exterior and the main entry in the south corner. To the east is an alcove that protrudes out of the east wall of the house. To the south are common room 1 and the bathroom, and between them is a hallway leading to the master. It is about 22 feet wide by 11 feet long, plus another 3 by 4 for the hallway, and another 2 by 11 feet for the east alcove. The master is on the south side of the house. To the north are the living room hallway and the bathroom, To the west are common room 1 and the balcony. To the south and east are house exterior. It is about 16 feet wide by 11 feet long.

ID: 54867, description: The balcony is located in the southwest corner side, It is next to common 2, The size of the room is  9 feet width  and 10   feet length The bathroom is located in the west side, It is next to common 2 and living , The size of the room is 4 feet width  and  6 feet length Common room 1 is located in the northeast corner, It is next to kitchen  and living room  , The size of the room is 8 feet width  and  8 feet length Common room 2 is located in the west side, It is between master and bath and next living , The size of the room is 10  feet width  and 10  feet length The kitchen is located in the northwest corner, It is next to common and living room , The size of the room is 6  feet width  and 8  feet length The living room is located in the west side , it is in center of all other rooms   , The size of the room is 13  feet width  and  17  feet length The master room is located in the southeast corner side, It is next to living and bath    , The size of the room is 10  feet width  and  11  feet length

ID: 59390, description: THE BALCONY IS LOCATED ON SOUTH EAST CORNER.THE BALCONY IS LOCATED NEARBY MASTER ROOM.THE FLOOR AREA IS 60 SQUARE FEET. THE BATHROOM IS LOCATED ON  WEST SIDE .THE BATHROOM IS LOCATED NEARBY COMMON ROOM.THE FLOOR AREA IS 40 SQUARE FEET. #REF! THE COMMON ROOM IS LOCATED ON SOYUTHWEST CORNER.THE COMMON ROOM IS LOCATED NEARBY MASTER ROOM.THE FLOOR AREA IS 144 SQUARE FEET. THE KITCHEN IS LOCATED ON  NORTHWEST CORNER.THE KITCHEN IS LOCATED OPPOSITE TO BATH ROOM.THE FLOOR AREA IS 64 SQUARE FEET THE LIVING ROOM IS LOCATED ON NORTH EAST CORNER.THE LIVING ROOM IS LOCATED NEARBY MASTER ROOM.THE FLOOR AREA IS 600 SQUARE FEET. THE MASTER ROOM IS LOCATED ON EAST SIDE.THE MASTER ROOM IS LOCATED NEARBY COMMON ROOM.THE FLOOR AREA IS 225 SQUARE FEET.

ID: 23197, description: Balcony 1 is at the center bottom of the floorplan. It is off of the living room between common room 1 and the master bedroom. It is about 15 feet wide and 5 feet deep. Balcony is at the top center of the floorplan. It is about 15 feet wide and 5 feet deep. The bathroom is on the right side of the floorplan. It is across from the main entrance, off of the living room, between common room 1 and the master bedroom. It is about 10 foot square. Common room one is on the right side of the floorplan, almost at the top. It is off of the living room between balcony 2 and the bathroom. It is about 10 feet deep and 15 feet wide. Common room 2 is in the bottom left off the floorplan. It is off the living room, to the right of the entrance and to the left of a balcony. It is about 10 feet deep and 15 feet wide. The kitchen is at the top left of the floorplan. It is off the living room, to the left of the balcony when facing it. It is about 15 feet wide and 7 feet deep. The living room is in the center of the floorplan and all the other rooms. It is irregularly shaped and about 20 feet deep in the middle and 35 feet wide. The master bedroom is in the bottom right corner of the floorplan. It is about 10 feet deep and 15 feet wide. It is directly across from common room 2, off the living room, between balcony 1 and the bathroom.

