ID: 22487, description: The balcony is on the south side of the house. To the north is the master, and to the east, south, and west are house exterior. The bath is on the north side of the house. To the north and west are house exterior. To the south is the living room. To the northeast is another 2 feet exterior wall and to the southeast is the living room alcove. It is about 6 by 6 feet. The common room is on the north side of the house. To the north and east are house exterior. To the south is the kitchen with another 5 feet exterior wall east of the kitchen. To the northwest is another 2 feet exterior wall, to the southwest is the living room, with the living room alcove between them. It is about 16 feet wide by 13 feet long. The kitchen is on the east side of the house. To the north is the common room, to the east is the house exterior, to the south is the master, and the living room to the west. It is about 11 feet wide by 6 feet long. The living room is on the west side of the house. To the northwest is the bathroom and to the northeast is the common room, and there is an alcove between them leading to the main entry.  To the east is the kitchen and master, both south of the common room. To the south and west are house exterior. It is about 15 feet wide by 30 feet long, plus another 4 by 4 feet for the alcove. The master is on the east side of the house. To the north is the kitchen, to the east is house exterior, to the south is the balcony, and the living room to the west. It is about 11 feet wide by 16 feet long.

ID: 994, description: balcony of size 12 feet x 4 feet is at the bottom below the common room in the south side. bathroom of size 8 feet x 5 feet on the top right side of living room and left side of master bed room. common room of size 12 feet x 15 feet is just below the kitchen room  and balcony and right side of the living room with the entrance door from living room. kitchen is on the left side of living room of size 12 feet x 8 feet between passage and the common room. entrance door is from the living room. living room on the north west side having a size of 15 feet x 30 feet. on the top right hand side bath room of size 8 feet x 5 feet has to be provided in such a way that it is on the left side of the master bed room. a passage of 3 feet has to be provided for the entrance of mater bed room below the bath room and above the kitchen. master bed room in the north east position and a size of 13 feet x 18 feet. A bathroom has to be provided on the left side of it and size of 8 feet x 5 feet. The entrance of the bed room is through a passage of width 3 feet between bath and kitchen from the living room.

ID: 10017, description: The balcony juts out on the south side, with the master to the north. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 5 feet deep, for a total square footage of 60. The bathroom is in the northeast corner with the common room to the south and the living room to the west. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 5 feet deep, for a total square footage of 60. The common room is on the east side with the bathroom to the north, the master room to the south and the living room to the west. Half of the south wall is exterior. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 10 feet deep, for a total square footage of 120. The kitchen is in the southwest corner with the living room to the north and the master room to the east. It is approximately 10 feet wide by 10 feet deep, for a total square footage of 100. The living room is at the northwest corner, with the bathroom and common room to the east, the master room inset at the south west corner, and the kitchen to the south. It is approximately 15 feet wide by 30 feet deep, minus the knock out for the master room, for a total square footage of 400. The master room is on the east side with the living room at the northwest corner, the common room to the north, balcony to the south, and kitchen to the west. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 20 feet deep, for a total square footage of 240.

ID: 72700, description: The balcony is located on the north east corner,it is next to living room,The size of the room is  feet width 3 and 8  feet length The bathroom is located on the southeast corner,it is in the corner of living room,The size of the room is 5 feet width  and 7  feet length The common room is located on the south west corner,it is near to kitchen and next to living room,The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 11  feet length The kitchen is located on the west ,it is next to living room and between master room and common room,The size of the room is 6 feet width  and 6   feet length The living room is located on the east side,it is in front of every room in the plan,The size of the room is 14  feet width  and 18  feet length The master room is located on the northwest corner,it is next to living room and kitchen,The size of the room is 10  feet width  and 10  feet length

ID: 26703, description: Balcony 1 is north facing and is accessible from the living room. balcony 1 is approximately 12 ft by 2 ft. balcony 2 is east facing and is accessible from common room 1.  balcony 2 is approximately 3ft by 7 ft. the bathroom is accessible from the living room and is between the master room and common room 1. the bathroom is approximately 6 ft by 6ft. common room 1 is accessible from the living room and is between the bathroom and common room 2. common room 1 provides access to the balcony and is approximately 12 ft by 10ft. common room 2 is accessible from the living room and is between common room 1 and the kitchen. common room 2 is approximately 12 ft by 10 ft. the kitchen is accessible from the living room and next to common room 2. the kitchen is approximately 5ft by 10ft. the living room is open to the master room, bathroom, kitchen, balcony1, and common room 1 and 2. the living room features a west facing entrance to the outdoors and is approximately 23ft by 15 fit. the master room is accessible from the living room and is next to the bathroom. the master room is approximately 10ft by 20ft.

