ID: 64729, description: Balcony location:North Side, Relationship:the location: Near the living,  Area:140 sqrt feet   Sides: 20 feet width and 7 feet length.. Bathroom location:East Side, Relationship:the location: Between Com and Master,  Area:35 sqrt feet   Sides: 7 feet width and 5 feet length Comon room location:North East Corner, Relationship:the location: Near the Living and Bath,  Area:70 sqrt feet   Sides: 7 feet width and 10 feet length.. Kitchen location:West Side, Relationship:the location: Between Kitchen and Master,  Area:50 sqrt feet   Sides: 5 feet width and 10 feet length Living room location:Midwest region , Relationship:the location: Between Balcony,Living,Kitchen and bath  Area:500 sqrt feet   Sides: 20 feet width and 25 feet length. Master room location:South Side, Relationship:the location: Near the Bath,  Area:200 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 20 feet length..

ID: 26703, description: Balcony 1 is north facing and is accessible from the living room. balcony 1 is approximately 12 ft by 2 ft. balcony 2 is east facing and is accessible from common room 1.  balcony 2 is approximately 3ft by 7 ft. the bathroom is accessible from the living room and is between the master room and common room 1. the bathroom is approximately 6 ft by 6ft. common room 1 is accessible from the living room and is between the bathroom and common room 2. common room 1 provides access to the balcony and is approximately 12 ft by 10ft. common room 2 is accessible from the living room and is between common room 1 and the kitchen. common room 2 is approximately 12 ft by 10 ft. the kitchen is accessible from the living room and next to common room 2. the kitchen is approximately 5ft by 10ft. the living room is open to the master room, bathroom, kitchen, balcony1, and common room 1 and 2. the living room features a west facing entrance to the outdoors and is approximately 23ft by 15 fit. the master room is accessible from the living room and is next to the bathroom. the master room is approximately 10ft by 20ft.

ID: 72517, description: The balcony is located between living room and kitchen room. Its is located after the living room. Its size should be 10 x 2.5ft. The bathroom is located between common room and master room. Located near by living room. Its size should be 5 x 5ft. The common room is located between living room and bath room. Its size should be approximately 10 x 10ft. The kitchen is located between living room and balcony. Its size should be 7.5 x 12.5ft. The living room is located between all the rooms. The living room is located nearby master room, bath room, common room and kitchen. Its size should be 20 x 20 ft. The master room is located in front portion of the plan. The master room is located nearby living room. Its size should be 10 x 20ft.

ID: 26372, description: The balcony is located on the south of the kitchen, and in the southern corner on the right side of the home. Right of the living room and master bedroom, as well as the comman rooms, approximately 7ft by 5ft. Bathroom 1 is approximately 7ft by 5ft located in the southern corner of the house. To the left of the living room, kitchen and balcony, and next to corn 2 and master bedroom. the Bathroom 2 is 7ft by 5ft and located in the northern section of the home in the master bedroom, next to com 1 and com 2, and to the left of the kitchen, living room and balcony. Common room 1 is in the southern corner of the home, next to the master bedroom, yo the left of the com room 2, and to the left of the living room, kitchen, and balcony. Approximately 10ft by 10ft. Common room 2 is located in the southern side of the home, to the right of the com room 1, and near rhe master bedroom, yet to the left side of the kitch, living room, and balcony. Approximately 10ft by 7 ft. The kitchen is in the north eastern, or right side of the house, located next to the balcony, and to the left of the bedrooms, and living room. Approximately 10ft by 10ft. The living room is located at the center of the house, to the right of the bedrooms amd master bedroom, but to the left of the kitchen and balcony, and is approximately 30ft by 20ft. Towards to north eastern side of the house. The master room is approximately 20ft by 10ft, located in the north western corner of the house.  Located next to two bedroom that are to the left of the kitchen, living room and balcony.

ID: 51393, description: Balcony 1 is located in the middle and right side of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 6 feet by 6 feet.  Directly above it is the master room, to its left is the bathroom and directly below it is the kitchen. Balcony 2 is located in the top left corner of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 9 feet by 7 feet.  Directly below it is the common room and to its right is the master. The bathroom is located on the right and middle portion of the floor plan.  Its dimension is 8 feet by 5 feet.  Directly above it is the master, to its right is balcony 1, and to its bottom right side is the kitchen and finally to its left and bottom left is the living room. The common room is located in the and left side of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 15 feet by 10 feet.  Directly to its right and bottom is the living room.   On its top middle side is balcony 2. The kitchen is located in the bottom half and right side of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 8 feet by 7 feet.  Directly to the left and bottom of it is the living room.  Above it to the left is the bathroom while on its top right is balcony 1. The living room is located primarily in the bottom half of the floor plan, with its bottom and bottom left and right sides serving as borders of the house.  Its total area is about 370 square feet.  Its top and top right side is next to the master.  To its middle right is the bathroom and kitchen.  To the top left is the common room. The master room is located on the top right corner of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 15 feet by 12 feet with a 3 ft by 4 ft  with the bathroom is on its bottom middle, and balcony 1 on it bottom right.

