ID: 64, description: The bathroom is on the south side with the living room to the north, common room 2 to the east and common room 2 to the west. It is approximately 5 feet wide by 6 feet deep, for a total square footage of 30. Common room 1 is at the southwest corner, with the living room to the north and northeast, and the bathroom to the east. It is approximately 15 feet wide by 12 feet deep, for a total square footage of 180. Common room 2 is on the south side with the master room to the east, bathroom to the west, and the living room to the north and north west. It is approximately 10 feet wide by 10 feet deep, for a total square footage of 100. The kitchen is in the northeast corner and juts out about 5 feet, giving it a small southerly exterior wall. It is approximately 15 feet wide by 8 feet deep, for a total square footage of 120. The living room is in the northwest corner, with the kitchen and master room to the east, to the south is common room 1&2 and the bathroom. It is approximately 30 feet wide by 15 feet deep, for a total square footage of 450, plus a small extension to the south at the center leading to the bathroom. The master room is in the southeast corner, with the kitchen to the north, and the living room and common room 2 to the west. It is approximately 10 feet wide by 15 feet deep, for a total square footage of 150.

ID: 74226, description: The balcony is on the far south east of the apartment sticking out from the rest of the eastern wall. It is roughly 5 ft by 10ft and boarders the living room. The bathroom is on the western wall in the southern part of the unit but not touching the southern most wall. The bathroom is roughly 5 ft by 10ft, and boarders the master bedroom and the living room. The com is on the north east portion of the apartment, but does not reach as far north as the master bedroom does, the northern boarder of the apartment is not a straight line. The com is roughly 10 ft by 10 ft and boarders the living room and kitchen. The kitchen is towards the center of the unit and does not touch any exterior walls. It is slightly east from center. The kitchen is small measuring around 5 ft by 10ft, and boarders the common area, master, storage, and living room. The living room is in the south of the unit, stretching along the entire south wall and bordering against a balcony on the far south east corner. The south wall of the living room is roughly 40 ft long, with a small corner area in the south west corner that is roughly 10 ft by 5ft. The main part of the living room varies in distance from the south wall to the north wall, but is generally around 15 ft across with a small portion bordering the master bedroom reaching around 20 ft. The master room is on the north west corner of the apartment and is rectangular in shape, measuring 20 ft west to east and 15 ft north to south. It borders the living room, bathroom, storage, and kitchen. The storage is in the center upper north of the apartment. Centered on the northern wall above the kitchen. It boarders the kitchen and master bedroom. The storage is roughly 5 ft by 2 ft.

ID: 63514, description: The balcony is in the lower right corner of the house to the right of the living room and a small part below common room 1. It is 12.5 feet long by 5 feet wide. the bathroom is on the upper edge of the house between the master room and common room 2 and above the living room and is 7.5 feet long and wide common room 1 is located in the upper right corner above the balcony, above and to the right of the living room and below and to the right of common room 1 and is 12.5 feet long and 12.5 feet wide common room 2 is in the upper part of the house to the right of the bathroom, above the living room and above and to the left of common room 1. it is 7.5 feet long by 10 feet wide The kitchen is in the left region of the house below the master room and above and to the left of the living room. It is 7.5 feet long and 10 feet wide. living room is in the lower part of the house under the kitchen, master room, bathroom, common room 1 and 2 and to the left of the balcony and measures 35 feet wide by 22.5 feet long the master room is in the upper right corner to the left of the bathroom and above and to the left of the living room and above the kitchen... it is 15 feet long by 10 feet wide

ID: 12162, description: Balcony is located in South West corner. North and South side lenght is 22 feet. East and west side lenght is 2 feet. Bathroom is located in north east corner. North and South side lenght is 8 feet. East and west side lenght is 4 feet. Kitchen is located in between living Room and master bedroom.  North and South side lenght is 4 feet. East and west side lenght is 11 feet. Living Room is located in north west corner. North side lenght is 24 feet. South side lenght is 22 feet. East and west side lenght is 16 feet. Master room is located in South east corner.  North and South side lenght is 10 feet. East and west side lenght is 12 feet.

ID: 23716, description: Balcony one is located at the northwestern point of the floorplan. It is approximately 50 square feet in size. It can be accessed through the kitchen, bathroom and common room 2. Balcony 2 is located in the most southern point of the floorplan, just east of the master room. It is roughly 12 feet in length and five feet in width. Access points include the livingroom and master room. The bathroom is located south of the kitchen. It can be accessed through the east wall of the livingroom, as well as the southern kitchen wall. Common room 2 has acess to the bathroom through its eastern wall.  It is the smallest room in the floorplan. At approximately 25 square feet in size,  it is just a bit smaller than balcony 1 and half the size of balcony 2. Common room one is located on the western portion of the floor plan. It can be accessed through common room 2 at the north, the master room at the south and the livingroom from the east. Common room one is about 100 square feet, 10 feet in length and 10 feet in width, making it the second largest room in the floor plan. Commmon room 2 is just a bit smaller than Common room 1, approximately 90 square feet. It is located just north of Common room 1, with access points including the bathroom at the northeast, balcony at the north, and livingroom at the east. The kitchen is located in the most northern point of the floorplan. It is roughly 50 square feet, 10 feet in length and 5 feet in width. The bathroom can be accessed at the southern point of the kitchen, the first balcony toward the western kitchen wall and the livingroom at the eastern wall. The kitchen is relatively closest in size to the balconies. The livingroom is located in the northeastern portion of the floorplan. It is entered through the front entry door, and is approximately 480 square feet. The bathroom, kitchen, common rooms one and two, the master bedroom and second balcony can all be accessed through the livingroom. The master room is located in the southern end of the floorplan. It is roughly 200 square feet, 10 feet in width and 20 feet in length. The second balcony, livingroom and common room one can be accessed through the master room. The master room is about the size of the two common rooms combined.

