ID: 28694, description: The first balcony is on the south side of the apartment next to the living room. It is 12‘ x 5‘ The second balcony is on the west side of the apartment next to the bathroom. It is 10‘ x 5‘ The bathroom is in the center of the apartment next to the living room. It is 10‘ x 5‘ The kitchen is on the north west corner of the apartment next to the bathroom. It is 12‘ x 5‘ The living room is in the center of the apartment between the two master bedrooms. It is 25‘ x 35‘ The first master bedroom is on the north east corner of the apartment next to the living room. It is 12‘ x 15' The second master bedroom is on the south west corner of the apartment next to the bathroom. It is 12‘ x 2'

ID: 40877, description: Balcony 1 is on the south side, with the living area to the north. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 5 feet high, giving it a square footage of 60. Balcony 2 is on the west side, south of the kitchen, with the bathroom to the east. There is nothing abutting the south side as the building has an inset. It is approximately 5 feet wide by 8 feet high, giving it a square footage of 40. The bathroom is  bordered at the north by the kitchen, east by the living room, south by the master room and west by the balcony. It is approximately 8 feet wide by 8 feet high, giving it a square footage of 64. The common room is in the northeast corner, with the living room the west and southwest corner. It is approximately 10 feet wide by 15 feet high, giving it a square footage of 150. The Kitchen is in the northwest corner with the living room to the east and the balcony and bathroom to the south. It is approximately 10 feet wide by 8 feet high, giving it a square footage of 80. The living room is in the center on the north side and also touches the east wall, with the common area at the northeast, balcony to the south, master in the south west and kitchen and bath to the west respectively. It is approximately 15 feet wide by 30 feet high, giving it a square footage of 450. The master room is in the southwest corner with the bathroom to the north and the living room to the east and northeast corner. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 20 feet high, giving it a square footage of 240.

ID: 28732, description: Balcony 1 is at the south corner balcony 1. near living room .10x 6 sq ft. Balcony 2 is at the west corner balcony 2. between kitchen and master room . 10x6 sq ft. The bathroom is at the west side center bathroom .between  balcony 2 and living room .it is 10x8 sq ft. The common room is at the north and east middle corner  common room . near living room .it is 10x10 sq ft. The kitchen is at the west and north corner. between  balcony and living room . it is 10x8 sq ft. The living room is center room. north and east middle corner . between balcony 1 and  common room . north facing . it is 10x16 sq ft. The master room is at the west and south middle  corner room. between balcony 2 and living room. it is 10x16 sq ft.

ID: 46039, description: Balcony 1 is at the south exterior of the kitchen to the west of the bathroom, extending to the west from the main body of the home 8 ft at a 2:1 aspect ratio.  The balcony 1 is 4 feet deep north to south. Balcony 2 forms the southernmost extent of the home just south of the master room, which occupies the west southern half of the main area of the home, and south of the living area which occupies the east south half of the main area of the home.  Balcony 2 is 24 feet east to west by 4 feet deep, 6:1 aspect ratio. The bathroom is 8 feet square which extends into the kitchen on its west side where it adjoins the balcony in the southwest of the bathroom at the exterior corner where the kitchen and balcony extend west from the main area of the home. The bathroom extends into the living area on its east and north sides. 15 feet wide by 18 feet north to south, the common room forms the area to the east of the living room that extends out from the main body of the house after a slight shift south at a 1 ft exterior corner at the east side of the living area.  There are exterior walls to the north and south of the common room and it forms the easternmost extent of the home. The kitchen is 10 ft by 12 feet at a 5:6 aspect ratio length to width with the bathroom extending into the interior corner of the kitchen 2 feet from the east and 3 feet from the south.  Balcony 1 to the south of the kitchen forms the southern exterior, and the kitchen is the westernmost part of the home extending out from the main area with exterior west and north walls.  The living area to the east connects the kitchen to the rest of the home. The entrance to the home is centered on the north side of the living room.  To the east of this entrance the living room connects to the common area. To the west of the living area is the kitchen.  Both the common area and kitchen extend out to the sides from the main area of the house, forming the arms of a "T" shape, with the living area 18 feet east to west between the common area and kitchen to 8 feet south of the north exterior wall.  the bathroom cuts out about 4 feet wide by 6 feet long.  The living area is about 16 feet wide in the northern half of the home east of the bathroom and west of the common area.  The living area continues south east of the master room, and is about 12 feet wide in the southern half of the home where it extends east below the common area 20 ft further south forming the east exterior wall of the home, with the master room occupying the west half of the southern half of the home.  Both of the master room and living area join with balcony 2 which forms the south exterior extent of the home. The master room is directly west of the living area.  It has a 3:5 aspect ratio and its area is 12 feet west to east and 20 feet north to south from the southern extent where it joins the balcony.

ID: 10017, description: The balcony juts out on the south side, with the master to the north. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 5 feet deep, for a total square footage of 60. The bathroom is in the northeast corner with the common room to the south and the living room to the west. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 5 feet deep, for a total square footage of 60. The common room is on the east side with the bathroom to the north, the master room to the south and the living room to the west. Half of the south wall is exterior. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 10 feet deep, for a total square footage of 120. The kitchen is in the southwest corner with the living room to the north and the master room to the east. It is approximately 10 feet wide by 10 feet deep, for a total square footage of 100. The living room is at the northwest corner, with the bathroom and common room to the east, the master room inset at the south west corner, and the kitchen to the south. It is approximately 15 feet wide by 30 feet deep, minus the knock out for the master room, for a total square footage of 400. The master room is on the east side with the living room at the northwest corner, the common room to the north, balcony to the south, and kitchen to the west. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 20 feet deep, for a total square footage of 240.

