ID: 37989, description: Balcony location:South East Corner, Relationship:the location: Next to com2 and master,  Area:200 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 20 feet length.. Bathroom location:East Side, Relationship:the location: Next to COm1 and Living,  Area:30 sqrt feet   Sides: 3 feet width and 10 feet length.. Comon room 1 location:North East Corner, Relationship:the location: Next to Living and bath,  Area:150 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 15 feet length.. Comon room 2 location:South East Corner, Relationship:the location: Next to Living,  Area:100 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 10 feet length.. Kitchen location:North Side, Relationship:the location: Between Balcony and Master,  Area:50 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 5 feet length.. Living room location:west side, Relationship:the location: central in relation to the other rooms,  Area:500 sqrt feet   Sides: 20 feet width and 25 feet length. Master room location: South East Corner, Relationship:the location: Between Balcony and Com2,  Area:150 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 15 feet length..

ID: 48780, description: The balcony connects to common room 2. It would seem as though it would be nice for an adult bedroom. Bathroom one shares a wall with bathroom 2. Seems to be about 7 feet by 7 feet, if that. Bathroom 2 shares a wall with bathroom one and the master bedroom. I assume it is inside of master bedroom. Considering it to be the master bathroom, but no bigger than the other bathroom. Common room one is shares a wall with the kitchen and the bathroom 1. It seems as though it's size could be useful for an office. It is about 12 feet by 10 feet. Common room 2 has a balcony attached, which is nice. It is a good size, I would say 15 feet by 10 feet. It would make a nice guest room. The kitchen is basically included in the living room area. I'm sure it's an open bar concert. But seems rather small. The living room seems to be the largest area of the house. It is about 25 feet by 30 feet. It also includes the kitchen it seems. The master bedroom is in the back corner of the house. It seems to be about 12 feet by 20 feet, give or take.

ID: 31926, description: Balcony is in the south west side of house .it has master room in north.It's dimensions are 15 feet in length and 12 feet in width. Bathroom is in the west of house.It has living room in east and south .It's dimensions are 13 feet in length and 11 feet in width. Common room is in the south east of house.It has master room in west and living room in north .It's dimensions are 10 feet in length and 12 feet in width. Kitchen is in the north east corner of house.It has living room in west and south .It's dimensions are 16 feet in length and 4 feet in width. Living room is in the east of house.It has kitchen in north east side,bathroom  and master room in west,common room in south .It's dimensions are 23 feet in length and 13 feet in width approximately. Master room is in the west of house.It has living and common room in east,balcony in south .It's dimensions are 15 feet in length and 12 feet in width.

ID: 74418, description: Balcony is located at South East corner of House. Balcony is located Rear side of Master Room. The Approximate size of Balcony is 12' x 4' Bathroom is located at North East side of House. Bathroom is located between Master room and Common Room and Right to Living Room. The Approximate size of Bathroom is 6' x 4' Common Room 1 is located at North East corner of House. Common Room 1 is located Right to Living Room and in-front of Bathroom. The Approximate size of Common Room 1 is 12' x 10' Common Room 2 is located at South West corner of House. Common Room 2 is located Left to Master Room and Rear side of Living Room. The Approximate size of Common Room 2 is 10' x 10' Kitchen is located at North West corner of House. Kitchen is located Left to Living Room. The Approximate size of Kitchen is 10' x 4' Living Room is located at North side of House. Living Room is located between Kitchen and Common Room and in-front of common room 2. The Approximate size of Living room is 20' x 10' Master room is located at South East side of House. Master room is located right to Common Room 2 and in-front of Balcony. The Approximate size of Master room is 12' x 12'

ID: 1225, description: The balcony which is at the north side of the house is too small compare to the total area of the house. The size is estimated to be 6ft x 3ft only. The bathroom which located exactly opposite to the entrance door might have a size of 8ft x 6ft. The bathroom is located to the middle of the common room and master room. The common room which is at the north west corner of the house may have a good ventilation since 2 windows can be provided. The cross ventilation will works fine for the common room. The size is estimated to be 20ft x 10ft. The living room is of uneven geometric shape, the length of the living room extends to the length of the house. The entrance door is located to the middle of the living room. The length is estimated to be 50 ft. The master room is which is at the south west corner can have two windows one at the south wall and other at the west side wall. The size of the room is estimated to be 20 ft. x 10 ft.

