ID: 14102, description: The Balcony 1 is in the south of the map. It is surrounded by the living room on the top. It has an estimated area of 12 ft. x 2 ft. The Balcony 2 is in the east of the map. It is surrounded by the kitchen on the top; and bathroom on the left. It has an estimated area of 4 ft. x 8 ft. The Bathroom is in the east of the map. It is surrounded by the balcony 2 on the right; kitchen on the top; living room on the top and left; and master room on the bottom. It has an estimated area of 9 ft. x 9 ft. The Common Room is in the northwest of the map. It is surrounded by the living room on the right and bottom. It has an estimated area of 10 ft. x 10 ft. The Kitchen is in the east of the map. It is surrounded by the living room on the left; and bathroom and balcony 2 on the bottom. It has an estimated area of 10 ft. x 8 ft. The Living Room is in the center of the map. It is surrounded by the common room on the left; kitchen, bathroom and master room on the right; and balcony 1 on the bottom. It has an estimated area of 25 ft. x 25 ft. The Master Room is in the northeast of the map. It is surrounded by the bathroom on the top; living room on the top and left. It has an estimated area of 15 ft. x 15 ft.

ID: 26506, description: Balcony 1 is in the east of house.it has bathroom in west and kitchen in north.it's dimensions are 7 feet in length and 6 feet in width. The balcony is in the south east corner of house.it has master room in north.it's dimensions are 5 feet in length and 12 feet in width. Bathroom is in the north east side.it has kitchen in north,living in west and balcony 1 in east.it's dimensions are 8 feet in length and 4 feet in width. Common room is in the north west corner of house.it has living room both in east and south side.it's dimensions are 10 feet in length and width. Kitchen is in the north east corner of house.it has living in both west and south,balcony 1 and bathroom in south.it's dimensions are 5 feet in length and 12 feet in width. The living room is in the west side of house.it has common room in north west corner,kitchen,bathroom,,aster room in east side from top to bottom in order.it's dimensions are 30 feet in length and 16 feet in width approximately. Master room is in the south east of house.it has balcony 2 in south,living room in west,bathroom and balcony 1 in north.it's dimensions are 12 feet in length and width.

ID: 26678, description: Balcony 1 is located on the north east corner and near to living room. size is 12*4. Balcony 2 is located on the south west corner and near to master room. size is 4*10. The bathroom is located in between com room and master room. size is 8*4. The common room is located in the north west corner and near to bathroom and living room. size is 12*12. The kitchen is located on the east side. its near to living and store room. size is 4*16. The living room is located on the south side and south facing. its near to kitchen and master etc. size is 12*32. The master room is between balcony and living room. south corner. size is 12*10. east side and near to kitchen. size is 4*4.

ID: 6508, description: Balcony 1 is located on the southwest corner and next to the living room. size is 14*4 Balcony 2 is located on the east side and next to the bathroom. size is 10*7 The bathroom is located in the east side of living room and next to the master room. size is 6*6 The common room is located in the north west corner and next to the 11*14 The kitchen is located on the northeast corner and next to the balcony. size is 10*5 north facing living room connected with other rooms. its is unsized. size is 14*26 The master room is located on the southeast corner and next to the bathroom. size is 10*16

ID: 36396, description: Location:The absolute location of balcony 1 in the floor plan is south side.
Relationship:The absolute location of balcony 1 in the floor plan is near to master room.
Size:The area of balcony 1 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of balcony 2 in the floor plan is east side.
Relationship:The absolute location of balcony 2 in the floor plan is next to kitchen and near living room.
Size:The area of balcony 2 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the bathroom in the floor plan is north east corner.
Relationship:The absolute location of the bathroom in the floor plan is next to storage and near kitchen.
Size:The area of the bathroom in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the common room in the floor plan is north west corner.
Relationship:The absolute location of the common room in the floor plan is next to master room and opposite to storage,bathroom and kitchen.
Size:The area of the common room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the kitchen in the floor plan is east side.
Relationship:The absolute location of the kitchen in the floor plan is between bathroom and balcony 2.
Size:The area of the kitchen in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the living room in the floor plan is east side.
Relationship:The absolute location of the living room in the floor plan is between master room,common room,bathroom,storage,kitchen and balcony 2
Size:The area of the living room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the master room in the floor plan is south west corner.
Relationship:The absolute location of the master room in the floor plan is near common room and balcony 1.
Size:The area of the master room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the storage room in the floor plan is north side.
Relationship:The absolute location of the storage room in the floor plan is near bathroom and opposite to common room.
Size:The area of the storage room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet.

