ID: 62071, description: The balcony is located in the mid southern area. It reaches the master room and common room 1. It's approximately 10 ft wide. The bathroom is located in the mid western area. It accesses the living room, master room and common room 2. It's estimated to be about 10 ft in width. Common room 1 is located mid-south east of the floor plan. It reaches the living room, master room and balcony. It approximately 10 feet wide. Common room 2 is located northwest. It accesses the living room and bathroom. It's estimated to be about 8 feet in width. The kitchen is located north east. It's the furthest north. It reaches the living room. It's approximately 8 ft wide. The living room is located northeast of the floor plan and extends mid western. It reaches every room in the floor plan except for the balcony. It's approximately 25 ft in width. The master room is located southwest. It's the furthest south alongside the bathroom. It accesses the bathroom, living room, common room 1 and balcony. It's estimated to be about 12 ft wide.

ID: 25711, description: The balcony is roughly 3 x 12 feet and is located on the southside of the master room. It is on the southwest side of the floorplan. The bathroom is the smallest room in the floorplan, measuring roughly 5 x 8 feet. It is located on the west side of the floorplan, with common room 2 on its north side, the living room on its west side, and the master room on the south side. Common room one measures 15 x 10 feet and is located on the south east side of the floorplan. It borders the master room on its west side and the living room on its north side. Common room 2 measures roughly 12 x 10 feet and is located on the north west side of the floor plan. It borders the kitchen on its east side, the living room on its southeast side, and bathroom on its south side. The kitchen is located on the north side (top center) of the floor plan and measures roughly 5 x 10 feet. It cuts into the living room on its northeast side. The kitchen borders common room 2 on its west side. The living room is the largest room of the floorplan, with its longest sides measuring 20 x 30 feet. It is located in the northeast corner of the apartment and is accessed by the kitchen on its north side, common room 2 on its northwest side, the bathroom on its west side, the master bedroom on its southwest side, and common room 1 on its south side. The master room is located on the southwest corner of the floorplan, and measures roughly 15 x 12 feet, making it the second largest room in the floorplan. It is also the only room in the floorplan which accesses the south facing balcony. The master room borders common room 1 on its east side, the bathroom on its northwest side, and the living room on its northeast side.

ID: 73827, description: The balcony is located in the southeast corner side, It is next to  master and common , The size of the room is 4  feet width  and  10  feet length Bathroom 1 is located in the west side, It is between master and common, The size of the room is 5 feet width  and 5  feet length Bathroom 2 is located in the northeast corner  side, It is next to  living and kitchen   , The size of the room is 5  feet width  and  8  feet length Common room 1 is located in the  northwest corner side, It is next to living room  , The size of the room is 10  feet width  and  12   feet length Common room 2 is located in the east side, It is next to living and balcony , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 12  feet length The kitchen is located in the north side, It is next to living room, The size of the room is  6 feet width  and  9 feet length The living room is located in the east side, It is in front of all other rooms, The size of the room is 10 feet  width  and 16  feet length The master room is located in the southwest corner, It is next to living room , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 11  feet length

ID: 3282, description: Balcony 2 is a little bigger than the balcony 1. It is next to the common room 2 and on the southern part of the house. It is rectangular in shape. Balcony 1 is a little smaller than balcony 2. It is situated on thenorthern part of the house next to the kitchen.It is rectangular in shape. Bath room is situated on the western part of the house. It connects the common room 1 and the master room. It is very small and occupies a very little space in the house. Common rrom 1 is situated on the north western part of the house. It is rectangular in shape. One side of it is connected with the living room. Common room 2 is also the same size as common room 1. One side of it is master room and the other side of the common room 2 is balcony. Kitchen is situated on the north eastern portion of the house. It is very narrow and next to the balcony. Living room is situated in the center of the house. It occupies major portion of the house. One side of all the other rooms are connected with the living room. Master room is another largest room. It is rectangular in shape and is connected to the bath room. It is situated on the south west part of the house. It occupies the southern corner of the house.

ID: 72346, description: The balcony is located on the north side and is north of the living room. It is about 50 square feet. The bathroom is located at the south eastern corner and is south of the master room. It is about 65 square feet. The kitchen is located at the north western corner and is north west of the living room. It is about 90 square feet. The living room is located at the south western corner and is west of the bathroom. It is about 360 square feet. The master room is located at the north eastern corner and is north of the bathroom. It is about 190 square feet.

