ID: 67905, description: Balcony 1 is centrally located in the south side of the house. Balcony 1 has access from living room on south side. Area of the balcony 1 was approximately 40 sqft in size. Balcony 2 is centrally located on north side of the house. Balcony 2 has access from living room on north side. Area of the balcony 2 was approximately 30 sqft in size. Bathroom is centrally located on the east side of the house located between living room, master room and common room 2. Approximately area of the bathroom was 60 sqft in size. Common room 1 is located on the south west corner of the house. Common room 1 is situated next to living room. Approximately area of the common room 1 was 110 sqft. Common room 2 is located on the north east corner of the house. Common room 2 is situated between living room and bathroom. Approximately area of the common room 2 was 100 sqft in size. Living room occupies half of the portion of the house from north to south. Common room 1 is located on the west side of the living room and in east side master room and common room 2 is located. Approximately area of the living room was 300 sqft in size. Master room is located in the south east corner of the house. Master room is situated between living room and bathroom. Approximately master room was 120 sqft in size.

ID: 10526, description: Balcony is located on the south west corner of the house. It has access from living room only. Approximate area of the balcony was 50 sqft in size. Bathroom is located on the middle of the east side of the house. Bathroom is located between common room and master room. Approximate area of the bathroom was 40 sqft in size. Common room is located on the north east corner of the house. common room is situated next to living room. Approximate area of the common room was 110 sqft in size. Living room is located on the west side of the house from south to north. Approximate area of the living room was 220 sqft in size. master room is located on the south east corner of the house. Master room is located right side of the living room. Approximate area of the master room was 110 sqft in size.

ID: 3258, description: Balcony 1 is located on the south side and attached to the living room. size is14*6 Balcony 2 is located on the north side and attached to the living room. size is 10*3 The bathroom is located in the east side and between the master room and common room2. size is 8*10 Common room 1 is located in the west side and next to the living room. size is 10*12 Common room 2 is located on the northeast corner and next to bathroom. size is 14*14 west facing living room connected with all other rooms. size is 16*42 The master room is located on the southeast corner and next to the bathroom. size is 12*16

ID: 38548, description: The balcony is on the south side, south of the living room. It is about 12 feet across and 5 feet deep. The bathroom is on the west side between the master room and common room 2. It is about 7 feet square. Common room 1 is in the northeast corner, across the living room from the master room. It is about 10 feet across and 15 feet deep. Common room 2 is in the southwest corner, off the living room and directly south of the bathroom. It is about 10 feet across and 14 feet deep. The living room is in the center, with the balcony to the south, the master, common room 2, and the bathroom to the west, and common room 1 to the east. It is about 12 feet wide and 35 feet long. The master room is in the northwest corner, with the bathroom to the south and the living room to the east. It is about 14 feet deep and 10 feet across.

ID: 26506, description: Balcony 1 is in the east of house.it has bathroom in west and kitchen in north.it's dimensions are 7 feet in length and 6 feet in width. The balcony is in the south east corner of house.it has master room in north.it's dimensions are 5 feet in length and 12 feet in width. Bathroom is in the north east side.it has kitchen in north,living in west and balcony 1 in east.it's dimensions are 8 feet in length and 4 feet in width. Common room is in the north west corner of house.it has living room both in east and south side.it's dimensions are 10 feet in length and width. Kitchen is in the north east corner of house.it has living in both west and south,balcony 1 and bathroom in south.it's dimensions are 5 feet in length and 12 feet in width. The living room is in the west side of house.it has common room in north west corner,kitchen,bathroom,,aster room in east side from top to bottom in order.it's dimensions are 30 feet in length and 16 feet in width approximately. Master room is in the south east of house.it has balcony 2 in south,living room in west,bathroom and balcony 1 in north.it's dimensions are 12 feet in length and width.

