ID: 23132, description: Balcony 1 is located between kitchen and common room. Its size should be 10 x 2.5ft. Balcony 2 is the front portion of the plan, before the living room. Its size should be 10 x 2.5ft Bathroom is located between kitchen and master room. Its size should be approximately 5 x 5ft. Common room is located nearby the living room, balcony 1 and kitchen room. Its size should be 10 x 10ft. Kitchen room is located between bathroom and balcony 1, nearby the living room and common room. Its size should be 7.5 x 7.5ft. The living room is located after balcony 2. It merges all rooms. Its size should be approximately 15 x 15ft. Master room is located in right side of the plan, nearby the living room and bathroom. Its size should be approximately 10 x 10ft.

ID: 79411, description: Balcony 1 is in the south east side of house .it has living room in west .It's dimensions are 13 feet in length and 5  feet in width. Balcony 2 is in the south west corner of house.it has kitchen in east.It's dimensions are 8 feet in length and 4 feet in width. Bathroom is in the north center of house.It has common room in west,living room in south and master room in east.It's dimensions are 6 feet in length and 8 feet in width. Common room is in the north west of house.It has bathroom and living room in east and kitchen and living room in south .It's dimensions are 10 feet in length and 12 feet in width. Kitchen is in the south west of house.It has common room in north,balcony in west and living room in east .It's dimensions are 7 feet in length and width. Living room is in the south of house.It has kitchen and common room in west,bathroom and master room in north,balcony 1 in east.It's dimensions are 13 feet in length and 30 feet in width approximately. Master room is in the north east corner of house.It has bathroom and living in west and living room in south .It's dimensions are 12 feet in length and 17 feet in width.

ID: 40679, description: Balcony 1 is located on the north east corner , It is next to common and kitchen, The size of the room is 4  feet width  and 9  feet length Balcony 2 is located on the southwest corner, It is to living room, The size of the room is 3  feet width  and 10  feet length The bathroom is located on the east side, It is next to common and near to master , The size of the room is 5 feet width  and 5  feet length The common room is located on the east side , It is in the center of living room ,kitchen,balcony 1 and bathroom , The size of the room is 9 feet width  and 9  feet length The kitchen is located on the north west corner , It is next to living and common, The size of the room is 8 feet width  and  9 feet length The living room is located on the west  , It is in front of all other rooms, The size of the room is 10  feet width  and 20  feet length The master room is located on the southeast corner , It is next to living room and near to bathroom, The size of the room is 10  feet width  and 12  feet length

ID: 31113, description: The balcony is in the northeast corner, north of the kitchen and west of common 2. It is about 7x3 feet in size. The bath is centered on the eastern side of the unit and is about 8x8 feet. It is south of common room 2 and north of the master bed. This room is along the northern wall and adjacent to the balcony on the west and common 2 on the east. It is approximately 10 x 10 feet. Approximately 13x12 feet in size, common 2 is located tot the east of common one and north of the living room and bath. It is on the northern wall of the unit. The kitchen is located centrally with the living room to the south and balcony to the north. It is about 8x8 feet in size. Located in the southwest corner. the living room borders the master bed and kitchen. It is approximately 12x24 feet. The master bed is to the east of the living room and adjacent to the bath. It is in the south east corner and is about 12 feet by 14 feet.

ID: 56017, description: The 5 ft x 10 ft balcony is on the south-end of the home. Connects directly to the living room. The 5 ft x 10 ft bathroom is on the north-facing wall connected to the living room and common room. One of the smallest rooms in the home aside from the kitchen. The common room is on the east-facing wall of the home connecting the living room and bathroom. About the same size as the master room of 10 ft x 20 ft. The 5 ft x 10 ft kitchen is on the west-facing side of the home behind the master room on the north-facing wall. Connected to the living room. One of the smallest rooms in the home aside from the bathroom. The living room is the largest room in the home from the balcony to the north-facing wall. Room is 20 ft x 30 ft and connects the master, balcony, common room, kitchen, and bathroom all together. The 10 ft x 20 ft master room is on the west-facing wall of the home. Is next to the living room and in front of the kitchen.

