ID: 9662, description: Balcony 1 is located on the southwest side of the building just south of the living room and west of the master room. The balcony is 11ft L X 6ft W with the long side running west to east. Balcony 2 is located on the northeast side of the building just east of kitchen and bathroom and north of common room. Balcony 2 is 5ft W X 11ft L with the long side running north to south. The bathroom is in the northeast sector of the building. It is directly south of the kitchen, east of the living room, north of common room 1 and west of balcony 2. It is 6ft W X 10ft L with the long side running east to west. The common room is in the central eastern sector of the building. It is south of the bathroom and balcony 2, east of living room and north of the master room. The common room measures 11ft L X 9ft W and the long side runs east to west. The kitchen is on the north side between the living room on the west and the balcony 2 on the east. It is just north of the bathroom. The kitchen is 10ft L X 5ft W with long side running east to west. The living room is on the west side with the balcony 1 directly south of living room. On the East side of living room in order from North to south are the  kitchen, bathroom, common room and master room. The living room is 25 ft L X 11ft W with long side running north to south. The living room also juts out on the east side in from of the common room to add and extra 4ft W X 9ft L section to living room. The master room is in the southeast corner directly east of balcony 1 and south of common room 1. The master room measure  approx. 10ft W X 11 ft L with the longer side running north to south.

ID: 14914, description: Balcony Room Located on North west with common Room on below , Total size of 4 Feet length and 3 Feet Width. bath Room Located on North west with Kitchen Room on above , Total size of 4 Feet length and 4 Feet Width. Common Room Located on South east with master Room on below , Total size of 11 Feet length and 8 Feet Width. Kitchen Room Located on North east corner with Balcony Room on below , Total size of 10 Feet length and 3 Feet Width. Living Room Located on Covered full area on west side with kitchen Room on right , Total size of 30 Feet length and 12 Feet Width. Master Room Located on South east corner with Common Room on above , Total size of 12 Feet length and 12 Feet Width.

ID: 1268, description: Balcony 1 location:North side , Relationship:the location: near the  Living,  Area:200 sqrt feet   Sides: 20 feet width and 10 feet length. Balcony 2 location:South side , Relationship:the location: near the Kitchen,  Area:36 sqrt feet   Sides: 6 feet width and 6 feet length. Bathroom location:South side , Relationship:the location: central in relation to the other rooms,  Area:50 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 05 feet length. Comon room 1 location:West side , Relationship:the location: Between Master and Living,  Area:100 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 10 feet length. Comon room 2 location:South West Corner , Relationship:the location: near the Bath and balcony2,  Area:150 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 15 feet length. Kitchen location:South side , Relationship:the location: near the Balcony2 and Living,  Area:40 sqrt feet   Sides: 4 feet width and 10 feet length. Living room location:East side , Relationship:the location: central in relation to the other rooms,  Area:500 sqrt feet   Sides: 25 feet width and 20 feet length. Master room location:West side , Relationship:the location: near the Com1,  Area:100 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 10 feet length.

ID: 74662, description: The balcony is the smallest room in the house, measuring just 3 feet in the east-west direction and 8 feet in the north-south direction. It is bordered by the kitchen to its east and the bathroom to its north. The balcony is in the south-west corner of the house. The bathroom is in the center of the house. It is next to the living room, which is on its east and north, common room, which is on its west, balcony, on its south, and kitchen, also on its south. It measures 5 feet in the east-west direction by 8 feet in the north-south direction. The common room is on the west side of the house. It is bordered by the living room and bathroom on its east and the master room on its north. Its west side is 15 feet long, while its south side is 10 feet long. The kitchen is in the south east corner of the house. It is south of the living room and east of the balcony. It is square, measuring 10 feet by 10 feet. The living room is the largest room in the house. Its east side measures around 40 feet, while its north side measures around 15 feet. It is in the north-east corner of the house and constitutes most of the east side. It is east of the master room and north of the kitchen room. The master room is in the north west corner of the house, west of the living room and north of the common room and living room. Its west side measures approximately 15 feet and its south side measures approximately 10 feet.

ID: 23197, description: Balcony 1 is at the center bottom of the floorplan. It is off of the living room between common room 1 and the master bedroom. It is about 15 feet wide and 5 feet deep. Balcony is at the top center of the floorplan. It is about 15 feet wide and 5 feet deep. The bathroom is on the right side of the floorplan. It is across from the main entrance, off of the living room, between common room 1 and the master bedroom. It is about 10 foot square. Common room one is on the right side of the floorplan, almost at the top. It is off of the living room between balcony 2 and the bathroom. It is about 10 feet deep and 15 feet wide. Common room 2 is in the bottom left off the floorplan. It is off the living room, to the right of the entrance and to the left of a balcony. It is about 10 feet deep and 15 feet wide. The kitchen is at the top left of the floorplan. It is off the living room, to the left of the balcony when facing it. It is about 15 feet wide and 7 feet deep. The living room is in the center of the floorplan and all the other rooms. It is irregularly shaped and about 20 feet deep in the middle and 35 feet wide. The master bedroom is in the bottom right corner of the floorplan. It is about 10 feet deep and 15 feet wide. It is directly across from common room 2, off the living room, between balcony 1 and the bathroom.

