ID: 9639, description: balcony is located at south side behind common room 1 and master room with size 10 feet bathroom is located at west side between living and master room common room 1 is in east side between balcony and living room with size 10 feet common room 2 is located at north west corner near kitchen room kitchen is located at north east corner near common room 2 with size 10 feet living room is located at centre of the all the rooms with east facing master room is in northwest corner between balcony and bath room

ID: 62759, description: balcony 1 is situated in the south west side corner . it is adjacent to master room on its north side.size of balcony 1 is greater than 10 feet long. balcony 2 is situated in the north east side corner. it is adjacent to living room on its south side. size of balcony 2 is greater than 10 feet long. bathroom is situated in the middle west side . it is adjacent to master room on its south side and living room on its east side.size of bathroom is less than 10 feet long. common room is situated in the south east side. it is adjacent to the living room on its north side and master room on its west side. size of common room is greater than 10 feet long. kitchen is situated in the north west side . it is adjacent to living room on its east side. size of kitchen is less than 10 feet long. living room is situated in the main area of the floor plan . it is adjacent to master room on its south west side and common room on its south east side and kitchen on its north west side and balcony 2 on its north east side. size of living room is greater than 10 feet long. master room is situated in the south west side . it is adjacent to common room on its east side and living room on its north side and bathroom on its north west side.size of master room is greater than 10 feet long.

ID: 28242, description: The balcony is located in SOUTH AND EAST CORNER SIDE OF THE POSSESION. WITHIN MASTER ROOM. SIZE IS 14 X 6 SQ FT. The bathroom is located in MIDDLE OF THE SOUTH SIDE POSSESION.IN BETWEEN OF MASTER ROOM AND LIVING ROOM. ROOM SIZE IS 8 X 8 SQ FT. Common room 1 is located in NORTH AND EAST SIDE OF THE CORNER. IN BETWEEN OF COMMON 2 ROOM AND LIVING ROOM. ROOM SIZE IS 11 X 11 SQ FT. Common room 2 is located in MIDDLE OF THE EAST SIDE . IN BETWEEN OF COMMON 1 ROOM AND MASTER ROOM. ROOM SIZE IS 11 X 11 SQ FT. The kitchen is located in NORTH AND WEST SIDE OF THE CORNER SIDE. NEAR TO LIVING ROOM. ROOM SIZE IS 10X 8 SQ FT. SOUTH FACING LIVING ROOM IS LOCATED IN ROOM SOUTH AND WEST CORNER POSSESION.CENTER OF THE ALL OVER ROOMS WITHOUT BALCONY. ROOM SIZE IS 20X 19 SQ FT. The master room is located in LEFT  SIDE OF THE ENTERENCE IN SOUTH SIDE. IN BETWEEN OF BATHROOM AND COMMON 2 ROOM. ROOM SIZE IS 16X 16 SQ FT.

ID: 63508, description: The balcony is approximately 20 feet by 5 feet. It is directly south of the Master Bedroom and Common Room 2. It is the southernmost area on the floorplan. Bathroom 1 is located on the northernmost wall of the plan. It is about 5 feet by 6 feet in size. To the west is part of the living room; to the east is the kitchen; to the south is Bathroom 2. Bathroom 2 is directly south of Bathroom 2, sandwiched firmly between it and the living room. The living room also borders Bathroom 2 on the west side, while the kitchen borders Bathroom 2 on the east. Bathroom 2 is approximately 4 feet by 6 feet in size. Common Room 1 is approximately 10 feet by 13 feet. It is directly south of the Living Room and to the east of the Master Bedroom. It does not connect to the balcony. Common Room 2 is approximately 10 feet by 13 feet. It is directly south of the Living Room and to the west of the Master Bedroom. The Balcony is directly south of Common Room 2. The kitchen is in the northeast corner of the plan. Directly to the west of the kitchen are the two bathrooms and it is bordered by the living room to the south. The kitchen is approximately 6 feet by 9 feet in size. The Living Room is the first room you see when you enter. It is a space approximately 30 feet by 20 feet, with a cut out in the northeast corner containing the bathroom and kitchen area. The entryway faces west and the master and common room areas are to the south, as is the balcony. The Master Bedroom to the south of the Living room. It is approximately 12 feet by 13 feet and surrounded on both sides by common areas 1 and 2. The master bedroom opens onto the balcony.

ID: 61914, description: Balcony 1 spans roughly 15ft x 5ft and is located in the South western most corner of the property.  The Balcony extends off of the Living room and is the full length of the living room which is situated to it's North. Balcony 2 spans roughly 12ft x 5ft and is located in the North of the property directly east off of the kitchen and North of the Bathroom. The Bathroom is roughly 11ft x 5ft in size and located just off of the North East corner of the Living.  The Bathrooms entrance is on it's southern edge and leads into the main hallway of the property.  The Bathroom is south of the northern balcony 2 and therefore may have a window for natural lighting on it's northern side. The Common Room 1 is located on the South central end of the property and can be found situated between the living room and Master Bedrooms.  The Common Room 1 stands roughly 10ft x 12ft in size. The Common Room 2 is located in the North Eastern corner of the property with entrance on it's south western corner into the main hallway.  The Common Room 2 is situated between the Bathroom and master Bedrooms in the. The Kitchen is roughly 10ft x 9ft and located in the North end of the property.  It is adjacent to the front foyer/entrance to it's immediate west, front balcony to it's east, and the the living room to it's South.  The Kitchen being at the North of the property and next to the entrance has a direct view of the front of the property. The Living Room is connected to the entrance foyer and is rectangular in shape, measuring roughly 15ft x 25ft (excluding foyer and hallway dimensions).  The Room provides a direct view from the properties front entrance to the rear balcony for light to flow through the room without obstruction.  The Living room is directly connected to kitchen, which resides beside the foyer and front entrance, to it's North, and the balcony to the south.  The Connected hallway intersects the middle of the living rooms length on the eastern edge of the room and leads to the bathroom, two (2) common rooms and the master bedroom The Master Bedroom is rectangular in shape and roughly 13ft x 20ft in size.  The Master bedroom is on the South Eastern most side of the property and connected to the rest of the property via the main hallway which connects to the living room, both common rooms, and bathroom respectfully.  The Master Bedroom has a small extension to it's rectangular shape on it's North end adding an additional 3ft x 8ft of space; the extension would be an excellent place to install a bay window for reading and sitting, a large closet space, or an on-suite private bathroom.  The entrance to the Master Bedroom is on the North Eastern most corner of the room

