ID: 27821, description: The balcony is at the south of the home, attached to the south wall of the master room.  The balcony is 16 feet by 5 feet. The bathroom is located in the northwest corner, next to the living room and kitchen. The bathroom is 12 feet by 6 feet. The common room 1 is in the southeast corner of the home, surrounded by the master room, common room 2 and the living room.  The common room 1 is 12 feet by 14 feet. The common room 2 is located on the east side of the residence, in between the common room 1 and the living room.  The common room 2 is 6 feet by 12 feet. The kitchen is in the west side of the home, surrounded by the master room, bath and the living room.  The kitchen is 12 feet by 7 feet. The living room is in the northeast corner of the home, to the right of the bathroom and kitchen.  The living room is 20 feet by 17 feet, with an additional 7 foot by 12 foot extension on the southwest of the room. The master room is located at the southwest corner of the home, in between the balcony and the kitchen.  The master room is 15 feet by 12 feet.

ID: 1181, description: The south facing balcony offers approximately 50 square feet of space to set up your outdoor retreat for fresh air, located just off the master bedroom its the perfect spot to greet the day. The bathroom is accessible from the master bedroom as well as common room one and the living room.  At just under 100 square feet it offers plenty of room for storage of towels and toiletries common room one Like the other common room it is about 300 feet in size.  It is located opposite the master bedroom on the North side of the building.  It does share a bathroom with the master and is probably best suited for your home office, gym or work room.  With easy access to the bathroom it can also be used as a bedroom as well. Like the other common room it is about 300 feet in size.  With its location just off the kitchen and opposite the master bedroom.  Its the perfect room for a nursey or child's bedroom to be close to the Master.  The rectangular layout make it just as easy to convert to a home office or gym. The Kitchen is also located on the south facing side of the building located close to the master bedroom and the second common area, all are perfectly located closely should you decide to use that room for a nursery or bedroom for a small child.  The kitchen provides easy access to all areas of the living space and at  100 square feet with an opening into the living room it offers plenty of room for storage. As you enter you are brought directly into the almost 1,000 square foot living room.   This large area with easy access to all other rooms provides plenty of space for whatever you imagine your dream living room to look like. The master bedroom is on the south side of the house with the balcony access directly from it.  It offers a shared bath with larger of the common rooms.  At about 500 square feet it leaves plenty of room for whatever size bed you prefer to sleep in and ample room for storage around it.  It also offers easy access to the kitchen for morning breakfasts and late night snacks.

ID: 20968, description: The balcony is located at south side of the floor plan, it next to the master room by the south. its has a size of about 54 sqrt feet. The bath room is located at north west side of the floor plan, it is bordered by the kitchen at the south and by the living room at the right side. its area size is about 100 sqrt feet. The common room is located at south east side of the floor plan, it is next to the master room by the right side. its size is 15 feet in lenght and 12 feet  in width. The kitchen is located at west side of the floor plan, it is bordered by the bath room at the north and by the living room at the right side. its area size is about 100 sqrt feet. The living room is located at the north side of the floor plan, it is next to both the kitchen and the bath room by the right. it is about 30 feet in length and 19 feet in width The master room is located at the central  location of the floor plan, it is between the balcony, the common room and the living room. its area size is about 225 sqrt 15 feet.

ID: 37955, description: Balcony location:South Side, Relationship:the location: Next to living,  Area:50 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 5 feet length.. Bathroom location:North  side , Relationship:the location: next to living,  Area:100 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 10 feet length.. Comon room 1 location:East side, Relationship:the location: Next to Living,  Area:100 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 10 feet length.. Comon room 2 location:South side, Relationship:the location:next to com1  Area:100 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 10 feet length.. Kitchen location:West Side, Relationship:the location: Next to master and living,  Area:50 sqrt feet   Sides: 5 feet width and 10 feet length.. Living room location: North side, Relationship:the location: next to bath,Kitchen and com1,  Area:500 sqrt feet   Sides: 25 feet width and 20 feet length. Master room location:South Side , Relationship:the location: next to balcony ,com2 and living ,  Area:400 sqrt feet   Sides: 20 feet width and 20 feet length..

ID: 37360, description: The balcony is located in south and east side of the corner. Near to master room. Room size is 12x8 sq ft. The bathroom is located in middle of east side. Left side of the living room. Size is 10 x8 sq ft. Common room 1 is located in north and west corner side. In between of kitchen room and living room. Size is 10x12 sq ft. Common room 2 is located in south and west side of the corner. In between of living room and master room. Room size is 12x14 sq ft. The kitchen is located in middle of the north side. in between of living room  and common room 1. Size is 14 x 6 sq ft. East facing living room is located in starting east to ending west side. Center of the all over rooms. Size is 18x18 sq ft. The master room is located in middle of the east side. In between of balcony and bathroom. Size is 14x14 sq ft.

