ID: 74662, description: The balcony is the smallest room in the house, measuring just 3 feet in the east-west direction and 8 feet in the north-south direction. It is bordered by the kitchen to its east and the bathroom to its north. The balcony is in the south-west corner of the house. The bathroom is in the center of the house. It is next to the living room, which is on its east and north, common room, which is on its west, balcony, on its south, and kitchen, also on its south. It measures 5 feet in the east-west direction by 8 feet in the north-south direction. The common room is on the west side of the house. It is bordered by the living room and bathroom on its east and the master room on its north. Its west side is 15 feet long, while its south side is 10 feet long. The kitchen is in the south east corner of the house. It is south of the living room and east of the balcony. It is square, measuring 10 feet by 10 feet. The living room is the largest room in the house. Its east side measures around 40 feet, while its north side measures around 15 feet. It is in the north-east corner of the house and constitutes most of the east side. It is east of the master room and north of the kitchen room. The master room is in the north west corner of the house, west of the living room and north of the common room and living room. Its west side measures approximately 15 feet and its south side measures approximately 10 feet.

ID: 64671, description: Balcony 1 is located most northern of the floor plan. It is approximately 180 square feet and is connected by the master to the south and the living room to the south. Balcony 2 is located south of the layout and is attached by the kitchen to the east and the bathroom to the north. It is approximately 15 feet. The bathroom is centrally located in the floor plan right next to the living room. It is east of common room 1 and connected to the south by balcony 2 and the kitchen. The bathroom is approximately 20 feet. Common room 1 is west of the bathroom and the living room and south of common room 2. It is approximately 110 square feet. Common room 2 is west of the master bedroom and living room and is approximately 110 square feet. The kitchen is the southern most room in the floor plan. It is connected by balcony 2 to the west and the bathroom and living room to the north. It is approximately 60 square feet. The living room is the central most room at approximately 350 square feet. It is connected to the balcony and master bedroom to the north, the common rooms 1 and 2 to the west and the bathroom, balcony 2, and kitchen to the south. The master bedroom is north west of the floor plan and is connected to balcony 1 to the north and common room 2 to the south. It is approximately 210 square feet.

ID: 9662, description: Balcony 1 is located on the southwest side of the building just south of the living room and west of the master room. The balcony is 11ft L X 6ft W with the long side running west to east. Balcony 2 is located on the northeast side of the building just east of kitchen and bathroom and north of common room. Balcony 2 is 5ft W X 11ft L with the long side running north to south. The bathroom is in the northeast sector of the building. It is directly south of the kitchen, east of the living room, north of common room 1 and west of balcony 2. It is 6ft W X 10ft L with the long side running east to west. The common room is in the central eastern sector of the building. It is south of the bathroom and balcony 2, east of living room and north of the master room. The common room measures 11ft L X 9ft W and the long side runs east to west. The kitchen is on the north side between the living room on the west and the balcony 2 on the east. It is just north of the bathroom. The kitchen is 10ft L X 5ft W with long side running east to west. The living room is on the west side with the balcony 1 directly south of living room. On the East side of living room in order from North to south are the  kitchen, bathroom, common room and master room. The living room is 25 ft L X 11ft W with long side running north to south. The living room also juts out on the east side in from of the common room to add and extra 4ft W X 9ft L section to living room. The master room is in the southeast corner directly east of balcony 1 and south of common room 1. The master room measure  approx. 10ft W X 11 ft L with the longer side running north to south.

ID: 1268, description: Balcony 1 location:North side , Relationship:the location: near the  Living,  Area:200 sqrt feet   Sides: 20 feet width and 10 feet length. Balcony 2 location:South side , Relationship:the location: near the Kitchen,  Area:36 sqrt feet   Sides: 6 feet width and 6 feet length. Bathroom location:South side , Relationship:the location: central in relation to the other rooms,  Area:50 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 05 feet length. Comon room 1 location:West side , Relationship:the location: Between Master and Living,  Area:100 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 10 feet length. Comon room 2 location:South West Corner , Relationship:the location: near the Bath and balcony2,  Area:150 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 15 feet length. Kitchen location:South side , Relationship:the location: near the Balcony2 and Living,  Area:40 sqrt feet   Sides: 4 feet width and 10 feet length. Living room location:East side , Relationship:the location: central in relation to the other rooms,  Area:500 sqrt feet   Sides: 25 feet width and 20 feet length. Master room location:West side , Relationship:the location: near the Com1,  Area:100 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 10 feet length.

ID: 80744, description: The balcony is not technically a room in the house. It is an abutment attached to the common room and is roughly 10'x5' The bathroom is the smallest room in the house and is almost completely encompassed by the kitchen.  It is behind the living room.  It is roughly 5'x5'. The common room is the third largest room in the house measuring 10' x 20'.  It is next to the master room and attaches to the balcony.  It is behind the living room. The kitchen is the fourth largest room in the house and is behind the living room.  It is an odd shaped room and is about 10'X10'.  It surrounds most of the bathroom. The living room is a centrally located room.  It is the largest room in the house and is just behind the master bedroom and common room.  It is in front of the bathroom and kitchen.  It is about 25' x 10'.  The entrance to the home leads into the living room. The master room is the second largest room in the house.  It is to the side of the common room and in front of the living room and behind the balcony.  It is about 10' x 15'.

