ID: 7913, description: The balcony is located on far north west corner, with kitchen on right hand side and com on below, with 3 feet length and 3 feet width. The bathroom is located on exact center of the west side, with com on above and master on below, with 5 feet length and 5 feet width. The common room is located on north side below balcony, with bath on below and below balcony, the total rea of room is 6 feet length and 6 feet width. The kitchen is located on exact center of the north side, with balcony on left side, length of the room is 12 feet and 5 feet width. The living room is located on east side with covering most 50 percentage of the plan, with covered by kitchen, com, bath and master room respectably. with length of 38 feet and width of 12 feet. The master room is located on south side of plan with little bit extended, with bath room on above and living room in right hand side, the length of the room is 11 feet and width of 12 feet.

ID: 33045, description: Location: The balcony is on the North part of the plan.
Relationship: It is exactly to the north of the kitchen.
Size: It is about 10 feet by 2 feet. Location: The bathroom is on the west of the floor plan.
Relationship: It is between the master room and the common room to the left side of the living room.
Size: It is about 8 feet by 9 feet. Location: The common room is on the North west side of the plan
Relationship: The room is on the North side of the bathroom.
Size: It is about 12 feet by 15 feet. Location: The room is on the Northern part of the floor plan.
Relationship: It is exactly to the south of the balcony and north of the living room.
Size: It is about 10 feet by 7 feet. Location: The Living room is on the South east of the floor plan.
Relationship: It is on the East side of the bathroom and the master room.
Size: The room is about 850 square feet. Location: The master room is on the South west side of the floor plan.
Relationship: It is on the southern side of the bathroom.
Size: It is about 12 feet by20 feet.

ID: 50221, description: Balcony 1 is in the north west side of house .It has living room in south .It's dimensions are 4 feet in length and 12 feet in width. Balcony 2 is in the south east corner of house.it has common room in north and kitchen in west.It's dimensions are 4 feet in length and 5 feet in width. Bathroom is in the east center of house.It has master room in north,living room in west and common room in south .It's dimensions are 5 feet in length and 8 feet in width. Common room is in the east side of house.It has bathroom in north ,living room in west and kitchen and balcony 2 in south .It's dimensions are 9 feet in length and 12 feet in width. Kitchen is in the south of house.It has living room in west and north,common room in north and balcony 2 in east .It's dimensions are 4 feet in length and 13 feet in width. Living room is in the west side of house.It has balcony 1 in north,master room bathroom common room and kitchen in east.It's dimensions are 30 feet in length and 12 feet in width approximately. Master room is in the north east side of house.It has  living room in west and bathroom in south.It's dimensions are 9 feet in length and 12 feet in width.

ID: 72055, description: The balcony is at the top right, and has aprox 5ft wide by 2ft tall. The bathroom is on the upside of the master, left into the building, has aprox. 5ft by 5ft. Common room 1 is above the bathroom, getting all the left/up corner, has aprox. 12 by 12ft. Common room 2 is Smaller than com1, is located left/up to cam1 and has aprox. 10 by 10ft. The kitchen is at the Top right just before the balcony, has 5ft wide and 10ft tall The living room is the Biggest room in the house, located in the left bottom to up, has aprox 1/3 of the total house size. No squared side but has prox. 15ft wide in the bottom, 20ft in the widest part, and 25ft in the very left and 30ft in the tallest part. The master room is on the right side bottom to the living, is squared chapped and has aprox. 12ft by 15ft.

ID: 77515, description: The southeast corner of the house has a balcony, straight opposite to the kitchen. People can access this balcony from the living room. It is approximately 10 x 3 feet in size. This balcony helps to increase air circulation in hot climates or enhance natural light in a house's interior. The living room has a bathroom on its north side, in between of the kitchen and the storage room. It is approximately 10 x 10 feet in size. The common room is located in the northwest corner of the house. It is easily accessible from the living room. It is approximately 10 x 15 feet in size. It includes the entry-exit door from the living room. The kitchen is situated on the northside of the house, straight opposite the balcony. It is approximately 15 x 10 feet in size. It includes the entry-exit door from the living room. It is a L-Shaped kitchen. This house has a east-facing living room. The main door of the house is located in the living room. It is approximately 15 x 25 feet in size. It is spacious, well-structured. The master bedroom 1 is settled west corner of the house. It is approximately 10 x 12 feet in size. It includes the entry-exit door from the living room. It is situated in between of master bedroom 2 and common room. The master bedroom 2 is settled west corner of the house. It is placed in between of the common room and master bedroom 1. It is approximately 10 x 5 feet in size. It includes the entry-exit door from the living room. The house has a 2 x 2 feet size storage room in the middle of the house, accessible from the living room to store household things. It is placed in between of the common room and bathroom.

