ID: 26372, description: The balcony is located on the south of the kitchen, and in the southern corner on the right side of the home. Right of the living room and master bedroom, as well as the comman rooms, approximately 7ft by 5ft. Bathroom 1 is approximately 7ft by 5ft located in the southern corner of the house. To the left of the living room, kitchen and balcony, and next to corn 2 and master bedroom. the Bathroom 2 is 7ft by 5ft and located in the northern section of the home in the master bedroom, next to com 1 and com 2, and to the left of the kitchen, living room and balcony. Common room 1 is in the southern corner of the home, next to the master bedroom, yo the left of the com room 2, and to the left of the living room, kitchen, and balcony. Approximately 10ft by 10ft. Common room 2 is located in the southern side of the home, to the right of the com room 1, and near rhe master bedroom, yet to the left side of the kitch, living room, and balcony. Approximately 10ft by 7 ft. The kitchen is in the north eastern, or right side of the house, located next to the balcony, and to the left of the bedrooms, and living room. Approximately 10ft by 10ft. The living room is located at the center of the house, to the right of the bedrooms amd master bedroom, but to the left of the kitchen and balcony, and is approximately 30ft by 20ft. Towards to north eastern side of the house. The master room is approximately 20ft by 10ft, located in the north western corner of the house.  Located next to two bedroom that are to the left of the kitchen, living room and balcony.

ID: 72517, description: The balcony is located between living room and kitchen room. Its is located after the living room. Its size should be 10 x 2.5ft. The bathroom is located between common room and master room. Located near by living room. Its size should be 5 x 5ft. The common room is located between living room and bath room. Its size should be approximately 10 x 10ft. The kitchen is located between living room and balcony. Its size should be 7.5 x 12.5ft. The living room is located between all the rooms. The living room is located nearby master room, bath room, common room and kitchen. Its size should be 20 x 20 ft. The master room is located in front portion of the plan. The master room is located nearby living room. Its size should be 10 x 20ft.

ID: 64729, description: Balcony location:North Side, Relationship:the location: Near the living,  Area:140 sqrt feet   Sides: 20 feet width and 7 feet length.. Bathroom location:East Side, Relationship:the location: Between Com and Master,  Area:35 sqrt feet   Sides: 7 feet width and 5 feet length Comon room location:North East Corner, Relationship:the location: Near the Living and Bath,  Area:70 sqrt feet   Sides: 7 feet width and 10 feet length.. Kitchen location:West Side, Relationship:the location: Between Kitchen and Master,  Area:50 sqrt feet   Sides: 5 feet width and 10 feet length Living room location:Midwest region , Relationship:the location: Between Balcony,Living,Kitchen and bath  Area:500 sqrt feet   Sides: 20 feet width and 25 feet length. Master room location:South Side, Relationship:the location: Near the Bath,  Area:200 sqrt feet   Sides: 10 feet width and 20 feet length..

ID: 26703, description: Balcony 1 is north facing and is accessible from the living room. balcony 1 is approximately 12 ft by 2 ft. balcony 2 is east facing and is accessible from common room 1.  balcony 2 is approximately 3ft by 7 ft. the bathroom is accessible from the living room and is between the master room and common room 1. the bathroom is approximately 6 ft by 6ft. common room 1 is accessible from the living room and is between the bathroom and common room 2. common room 1 provides access to the balcony and is approximately 12 ft by 10ft. common room 2 is accessible from the living room and is between common room 1 and the kitchen. common room 2 is approximately 12 ft by 10 ft. the kitchen is accessible from the living room and next to common room 2. the kitchen is approximately 5ft by 10ft. the living room is open to the master room, bathroom, kitchen, balcony1, and common room 1 and 2. the living room features a west facing entrance to the outdoors and is approximately 23ft by 15 fit. the master room is accessible from the living room and is next to the bathroom. the master room is approximately 10ft by 20ft.

ID: 46039, description: Balcony 1 is at the south exterior of the kitchen to the west of the bathroom, extending to the west from the main body of the home 8 ft at a 2:1 aspect ratio.  The balcony 1 is 4 feet deep north to south. Balcony 2 forms the southernmost extent of the home just south of the master room, which occupies the west southern half of the main area of the home, and south of the living area which occupies the east south half of the main area of the home.  Balcony 2 is 24 feet east to west by 4 feet deep, 6:1 aspect ratio. The bathroom is 8 feet square which extends into the kitchen on its west side where it adjoins the balcony in the southwest of the bathroom at the exterior corner where the kitchen and balcony extend west from the main area of the home. The bathroom extends into the living area on its east and north sides. 15 feet wide by 18 feet north to south, the common room forms the area to the east of the living room that extends out from the main body of the house after a slight shift south at a 1 ft exterior corner at the east side of the living area.  There are exterior walls to the north and south of the common room and it forms the easternmost extent of the home. The kitchen is 10 ft by 12 feet at a 5:6 aspect ratio length to width with the bathroom extending into the interior corner of the kitchen 2 feet from the east and 3 feet from the south.  Balcony 1 to the south of the kitchen forms the southern exterior, and the kitchen is the westernmost part of the home extending out from the main area with exterior west and north walls.  The living area to the east connects the kitchen to the rest of the home. The entrance to the home is centered on the north side of the living room.  To the east of this entrance the living room connects to the common area. To the west of the living area is the kitchen.  Both the common area and kitchen extend out to the sides from the main area of the house, forming the arms of a "T" shape, with the living area 18 feet east to west between the common area and kitchen to 8 feet south of the north exterior wall.  the bathroom cuts out about 4 feet wide by 6 feet long.  The living area is about 16 feet wide in the northern half of the home east of the bathroom and west of the common area.  The living area continues south east of the master room, and is about 12 feet wide in the southern half of the home where it extends east below the common area 20 ft further south forming the east exterior wall of the home, with the master room occupying the west half of the southern half of the home.  Both of the master room and living area join with balcony 2 which forms the south exterior extent of the home. The master room is directly west of the living area.  It has a 3:5 aspect ratio and its area is 12 feet west to east and 20 feet north to south from the southern extent where it joins the balcony.

