ID: 24364, description: the balcony sits south of the master. it is 2x 12 feet The bath is north of  the master and south of the com1.  it is about 5x10 feet . the living room floor leads into the bath The common room sits on the north wall of the floor. north of the bath and west of the living room. the master is about 12x12 feet the common room 2 sits on the east of the floor attached to the living room . it is about 10x 12 with the south wall sticking out The living room is in the middle of the floor in-between all the room. Longways towards the north. it is about 50x15 feet long. The master room is on the west side of they floor, with the living room to the east. the bath to the north. the balcony to the south. the master is about 12x12 feet

ID: 42684, description: Balcony 1 is centrally located on the south side of the floor plan, south of the 12' wall of the living room.  It is about 12'x2', with the 12' side running along the 12' living room to the north. The master is to the northwest and common room 2 is to the east. Balcony 2 is centrally located on the north wall of the floorplan, north of the living room, and east of common room 3. It is about 1'x5'. The bath is on the west wall of the floor plan, between the master to the south and common room 1 to the north.  The living room is to the right.  The size of the bath is about 5'x9'. Common room 1 is on the west wall of the floor plan, north of the bath.  It is about 10'x11', with the two 10' walls running next the the bath to the south and along the outer wall to the north.  The living room is to the southeast and common room 3 is to the northeast. Common room 2 is located on the southeast corner of the floorplan, to the right of the front balcony and southeast of the living room.  It is about 10'x12'.  There is a section of living room to the north of common room 2. Common room 3 is located on the central north side of the floor plan, just left of the rear balcony, slightly north and east of common room 1.  The living room is to the south and to the east.  The size of common room 3 is about 10'x12', with the 10' walls running along the outside north wall and the living room to the south. The living room is centrally located in the house.  It's dimensions are about 12' wide across the front of the house, and 30' long.  The balcony runs along the width of the bottom south side of the living room.  Common room 2 is located to the southeast of the living room, the master is located to the southwest of the living room, the bath is centrally located to the west of the living room, and common rooms 1 and 3 are located to the northwest of the living room. The master bedroom is 10'x12', with 10' running across the front left wall of the plan and 12' running along the west side of the floor plan .  The master is to the left of the living room and south of the bath.

ID: 25079, description: The balcony is approx 15sq feet. Located on the north east of the property, Protruding from the building. Bathroom 1 is approx 60sq feet. Located center north side of the property. Living Room is to the east and south. Comm Room 2 to the west. Bathroom 2 is approx 45sq feet. Located on the center west side of the property. Comm Room 2 is to the north. Living Room is to the east. Master Bedroom is to the south. Common room 1 is approx 80sq feet. Located on the south east side of the property, and is protruding from the building. Common room 2 is approx 85sq feet. Located on the north west corner of the property. Bathroom 1 to the upper east. Living Room to the lower east. Bathroom 2 to the south. The living room is approx 400sq feet. It is located on the east part of the property. Balcony to the north east. Comm room 1 to the lower east. Bathroom 1 is in the north west part of the room. A small part of Comm Room 2 below where the bathroom is. Bathroom 2 is center west. Master Bedroom is lower west. The master room is approx 115sq feet. Located on the south west corner of the property. Bathroom 2 is north. Living Room is to the east.

ID: 20590, description: bathroom 1 is located in the north side, bathroom 1 is situated in the northeast corner of master room ,The size of the room is 8  feet width  and 8   feet length bathroom 2 is located in the north side, bathroom 2 is situated in the northwest corner of common room 2 ,The size of the room is 8  feet width  and 8   feet length common room 1 is located in the south west corner, It is next to living room , The size of the room is  10 feet width  and 18  feet length common room 2 is located in the northeast corner, common room 2 is next to living room , The size of the room is  13 feet width  and 13  feet length Living room is located in the south side, Living room is in front of all other rooms, The size of the room is 20  feet width and 40 feet length Master Room is located in the north west corner, Master Room is next to living and bath 1, The size of the Master Room is 11 feet width  and 20  feet length

ID: 43396, description: The front balcony provides a excellent view of the city. Add a outdoor table and chairs for morning dining. A bonus second balcony faces the mountains. This 15ft x 5 ft space could be used for bike storage and grilling. The 10ft x 10ft bath has jack and jill access to the master and corner room. It includes a walk in shower and garden tub. Use this spacious room as an office, bedroom or library. Located next to the front door with easy access from the living room. A second bonus room is part of the floor plan. This 15ft x 15ft would make an excellent nursery or office. A 10ft x 20ft galley kitchen uses the space efficiently, The living room is 10ft x 40 ft and centrally located in the home with easy access to the kitchen. A large and roomy 20ft x 20ft master has wonderfully access to the bathroom and balcony.

