ID: 38478, description: The balcony is located on the southeast corner side, It is next to living and near to master , The size of the room is 4  feet width  and  10  feet length The bathroom is located on the west side, It is next to common and living , The size of the room is 4 feet width  and  6 feet length The common room is located on the south west corner, It is next to kitchen and near to bath , The size of the room is 09  feet width  and 10  feet length it is located in the south side , It is next to living room and between master and common ,The size of the room is 7 feet width  and 8  feet length The living room is located on the northeast corner, It is in front of all other rooms, The size of the room is 15 feet width  and 18  feet length The master room is located on the south side , It is next to living room and between kitchen and balcony , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 10  feet length

ID: 64047, description: The balcony is located in corner of the south and east side. The balcony is within living room. The balcony size is 14 x 4 sq ft. The bathroom is located in middle of the west side. The bathroom in between of kitchen and common room 1. The bathroom size is 8 x 6 sq ft. Common room 1 is located in corner of the north and west side. The common room 1 in between of bathroom and common room 2. The common room 1 size is 12 x 10 sq ft. The common room 2 is located in corner of the north and east side. The common room 2 in between of common room1 and living room. The common room 2 size is 10 x 10 sq ft. The  kitchen room is located in middle of the west side. The kitchen room in between of bathroom and master room . The kitchen room size is 10 x 6 sq ft. East facing living room is located in middle of the east side. The living room is center of the all over rooms. The living room size is 18 x 28 sq ft. The master room is located in corner of the west and south side. The master room in between of kitchen room and living room . The master room size is 18 x 12 sq ft.

ID: 33084, description: The bathroom is on the west side of the house and the living room is to the east side of the bathroom. It measures about 8 feet long and 6 feet wide. The common room is taking up the south west corner of the home and the living room is to the east. It measures in at about 14 feet long and 12 feet wide. The kitchen takes up the northeast corner of the structure with the master room to it's west. It measures about 10 feet wide and 6 feet long. The living room covers most of the east side of the house and touches the south side of the home. It has the common room to it's west and it measures about 34 ft. long and 20 feet wide. The master room is on the north west corner of the structure with the kitchen at it's east side. It is approximately 14 feet in length and 12 feet in width.

ID: 12043, description: The balcony is located on the southeast corner, It is next to living room   , The size of the room is  2 feet width  and 10   feet length The bathroom is located on the west  side, It is between master and common    , The size of the room is 5  feet width  and 5   feet length The common room is located on the south west corner, It is next to living  , The size of the room is 10  feet width  and 10  feet length The kitchen is located on the north east corner, It is next to  living room, The size of the room is 7 feet width  and  8 feet length The living room is located on the east side, It is in front of all other rooms, The size of the room is 10 feet  width  and 22  feet length The master room is located on the north west corner, It is next to living , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and  10 feet length

ID: 1225, description: The balcony which is at the north side of the house is too small compare to the total area of the house. The size is estimated to be 6ft x 3ft only. The bathroom which located exactly opposite to the entrance door might have a size of 8ft x 6ft. The bathroom is located to the middle of the common room and master room. The common room which is at the north west corner of the house may have a good ventilation since 2 windows can be provided. The cross ventilation will works fine for the common room. The size is estimated to be 20ft x 10ft. The living room is of uneven geometric shape, the length of the living room extends to the length of the house. The entrance door is located to the middle of the living room. The length is estimated to be 50 ft. The master room is which is at the south west corner can have two windows one at the south wall and other at the west side wall. The size of the room is estimated to be 20 ft. x 10 ft.

