ID: 21543, description: Balcony 1 is located in the Mid northern area. It accesses the kitchen, common room 1 and common room 2. It's approximately 10 feet in width. Balcony 2 sits the furthest South. It reaches the living room, and the master bedroom. It's estimated to be about 10 ft wide. The bathroom is located in the Mid western area. It reaches the living room, common room 2 and master room. It's estimated to be about 10 ft wide. Common room 1 sits in the Mid northern area. It accesses the living room, kitchen, balcony 1 and common room 2. It's approximately 10 ft wide. Common room 2 is located in the northwest area. It reaches the living room, common room 1 and bathroom. It's estimated to be about 12 ft in width. The kitchen is located North east. It is the furthest north along with balcony 1. It accesses the living room, common room 1 and balcony 1. It's approximately 8 ft in width. The living room is mostly located in the Mid eastern area. It extends up north and south. It reaches every other room in the floor plan. It's approximately 20 feet in width. The master room is located South west. It's the furthest west alongside the bathroom. It's access the living room, bathroom and balcony 2. It's estimated to be about 12 ft wide.

ID: 21408, description: Balcony 1 is in the northeast corner, north of common room 1. It is about 10 feet across and 3 feet deep. Balcony 2 is in the southwest corner, south of the master room. It is about 13 feet across and 5 feet deep. The bathroom is in the middle of the east side, north of the master room and south of common room 2. It is about 7 feet square. Common room 1 is in the northeast corner, south of the balcony and to the east of the kitchen. It is about 11 feet deep and 10 feet across. Common room 2 is in the northwest corner, north of the bathroom and west of the kitchen. It is about 13 feet across and 15 feet deep. The kitchen is in the middle of the north side of the floorplan, between common room 2 and common room 1. It is about 13 feet across and 6 feet deep. The living room is in the middle of the floorplan with the kitchen, balcony 1, and the common rooms to the north and the other rooms to the west. It is about 15 feet wide and 30 feet long. The master room is in the southwest part of the floorplan, north of balcony 2 and south of the bathroom. It is about 13 feet wide and 15 feet long.

ID: 31693, description: balcony 1 lies in southwest corner of the plan, adjoined by master room to the north, and roughly 4x12 ft in dimension. balcony 2 lies in northeast corner of the plan, adjoined by kitchen to the south and roughly 4x10 ft in dimension. bathroom on the west edge of the plan, adjoined by common room 1 to the north and master room to the south, roughly 5x5 ft in dimension. common room 1 in northwest corner of the plan, adjoined by common room 2 to the east and bathroom to the south, roughly 15x15 ft in dimension. common room 2 in north edge of the plan, adjoined by common room 1 to the west and kitchen to the east, approximately 10x10 ft in dimension. kitchen in northeast corner of the plan, adjoined by common room 2 to the west and living room to the south, roughly 10x8 ft in dimension. living room in southeast corner of the plan acting as central hub to other rooms, roughly 20x20 ft in dimension. master room in southwest corner of the plan, adjoined by balcony to the south and bathroom to the north, roughly 12x12 ft in dimension.

ID: 66935, description: Location: Balcony 1 is on the southern part of he floor plan.
Relationship: The balcony1 is exactly to the south of the living room.
Size: It is about 4feet by 14feet. Location: Balcony 2 is to the North of the floor plan.
Relationship: It is exactly to the North of the kitchen.
Size: It is about 4 feet by 8 feet. Location: The bathroom is on the western part of the floor plan.
Relationship: It is on the North-west of the master room.
Size: It is about 9feet by 7feet. Location: The common room is on the North-West of the floor plan.
Relationship: The common room is to the west of the kitchen.
Size: It is about 110 square feet. Location: The kitchen is on the Northern-central part of the plan.
Relationship: It is exactly to the south of the balcony 2.
Size: It is about 80 square feet. Location: The living room is on the Eastern side of the plan.
Relationship: It is on the eastern side of the common room and the bathroom.
Size: It is about 450 square feet. Location: The master room is on the south-west of the floor plan.
Relationship: It is to the south west of the Living room.
Size: It is about 13 feet by 14 feet.

ID: 41277, description: This is on the Northern side of the apartment with access from the living room. It is approximately 10ft by 2ft. This is located on the south side of the apartment with access from the living room. It is approximately 12ft by 2ft. This room is approximately 8ft by 8ft. It is located on the western side of the floor plan. It is accessible from the living room, common room and master bedroom. This room is in the northwest corner of the apartment. It is accessible through the bathroom and the living room. It is approximately 10ft by 10ft. This room is in the north east corner of the floor plan. The room is approximately 7ft in width and 10ft in length. It has direct access t the living area. This room is central in the apartment. It is approximately 50ft across at its widest and 30ft in length. There is access to every other room. It is located on the eastern half of the floorplan This room is located in the south west corner of the apartment. It measures approximately 10ft in width and 15 ft in length. It has access to the living room.

