ID: 50221, description: Balcony 1 is in the north west side of house .It has living room in south .It's dimensions are 4 feet in length and 12 feet in width. Balcony 2 is in the south east corner of house.it has common room in north and kitchen in west.It's dimensions are 4 feet in length and 5 feet in width. Bathroom is in the east center of house.It has master room in north,living room in west and common room in south .It's dimensions are 5 feet in length and 8 feet in width. Common room is in the east side of house.It has bathroom in north ,living room in west and kitchen and balcony 2 in south .It's dimensions are 9 feet in length and 12 feet in width. Kitchen is in the south of house.It has living room in west and north,common room in north and balcony 2 in east .It's dimensions are 4 feet in length and 13 feet in width. Living room is in the west side of house.It has balcony 1 in north,master room bathroom common room and kitchen in east.It's dimensions are 30 feet in length and 12 feet in width approximately. Master room is in the north east side of house.It has  living room in west and bathroom in south.It's dimensions are 9 feet in length and 12 feet in width.

ID: 7913, description: The balcony is located on far north west corner, with kitchen on right hand side and com on below, with 3 feet length and 3 feet width. The bathroom is located on exact center of the west side, with com on above and master on below, with 5 feet length and 5 feet width. The common room is located on north side below balcony, with bath on below and below balcony, the total rea of room is 6 feet length and 6 feet width. The kitchen is located on exact center of the north side, with balcony on left side, length of the room is 12 feet and 5 feet width. The living room is located on east side with covering most 50 percentage of the plan, with covered by kitchen, com, bath and master room respectably. with length of 38 feet and width of 12 feet. The master room is located on south side of plan with little bit extended, with bath room on above and living room in right hand side, the length of the room is 11 feet and width of 12 feet.

ID: 33045, description: Location: The balcony is on the North part of the plan.
Relationship: It is exactly to the north of the kitchen.
Size: It is about 10 feet by 2 feet. Location: The bathroom is on the west of the floor plan.
Relationship: It is between the master room and the common room to the left side of the living room.
Size: It is about 8 feet by 9 feet. Location: The common room is on the North west side of the plan
Relationship: The room is on the North side of the bathroom.
Size: It is about 12 feet by 15 feet. Location: The room is on the Northern part of the floor plan.
Relationship: It is exactly to the south of the balcony and north of the living room.
Size: It is about 10 feet by 7 feet. Location: The Living room is on the South east of the floor plan.
Relationship: It is on the East side of the bathroom and the master room.
Size: The room is about 850 square feet. Location: The master room is on the South west side of the floor plan.
Relationship: It is on the southern side of the bathroom.
Size: It is about 12 feet by20 feet.

ID: 72055, description: The balcony is at the top right, and has aprox 5ft wide by 2ft tall. The bathroom is on the upside of the master, left into the building, has aprox. 5ft by 5ft. Common room 1 is above the bathroom, getting all the left/up corner, has aprox. 12 by 12ft. Common room 2 is Smaller than com1, is located left/up to cam1 and has aprox. 10 by 10ft. The kitchen is at the Top right just before the balcony, has 5ft wide and 10ft tall The living room is the Biggest room in the house, located in the left bottom to up, has aprox 1/3 of the total house size. No squared side but has prox. 15ft wide in the bottom, 20ft in the widest part, and 25ft in the very left and 30ft in the tallest part. The master room is on the right side bottom to the living, is squared chapped and has aprox. 12ft by 15ft.

ID: 63514, description: The balcony is in the lower right corner of the house to the right of the living room and a small part below common room 1. It is 12.5 feet long by 5 feet wide. the bathroom is on the upper edge of the house between the master room and common room 2 and above the living room and is 7.5 feet long and wide common room 1 is located in the upper right corner above the balcony, above and to the right of the living room and below and to the right of common room 1 and is 12.5 feet long and 12.5 feet wide common room 2 is in the upper part of the house to the right of the bathroom, above the living room and above and to the left of common room 1. it is 7.5 feet long by 10 feet wide The kitchen is in the left region of the house below the master room and above and to the left of the living room. It is 7.5 feet long and 10 feet wide. living room is in the lower part of the house under the kitchen, master room, bathroom, common room 1 and 2 and to the left of the balcony and measures 35 feet wide by 22.5 feet long the master room is in the upper right corner to the left of the bathroom and above and to the left of the living room and above the kitchen... it is 15 feet long by 10 feet wide

