ID: 50181, description: balcony 1south side corner room it is 15 feet length and 3 feet width ratio as 6 over 2. balcony is the small place in front room as kitchen it is 3 feet length and 3  feet width ratio as 6 over 6 it is a square shape balcony. bath room is the small place it is the entrance from living room it is 3 feet length and 3 feet width. common room is the entrance from living room  in front room as bathroom .it is 15 feet length and 15  feet width ratio as 6 over 6. kitchen room is the entrance from living room it is the small room compared to other rooms 15 feet length and 5 feet width ratio as 6 over 3.kitchen room near room as balcony 2. living room is entrance from north side it is the center of all the rooms it is 15 feet length and 30  feet width ratio as 6 over 9. master room is the entrance from living room it is 10 feet length and 15  feet width ratio as 4 over 6.master room near room as common room .

ID: 6759, description: Balcony is situated in middle west side of the floor plan. It is situated in the west side of the kitchen and north side of bathroom. size of balcony is less than 10 feet long. bathroom is situated in the middle of  North side of floor plan . It is situated in south west side of kitchen and middle of the living room. Size of the bathroom is less than 10 feet long. Common room 1 is situated in the middle west side of the floor plan . It is situated in the middle of the living room and northwest side of the master room. Size of common room 1 is approximately 10 feet long. Common room 2 is situated in the north west side corner of the floor plan . It is situated in the middle of the living room and north side of the common room 1. Size of common room 1 is approximately 10 feet long. Kitchen is situated in the Top north east of the floor plan. It is situated in the North side of the living room and balcony to its west side and bath room is in south west side of kitchen. Size of kitchen is approximately 10 feet long. Living room is situated in the middle east side of the floor plan . It is situated adjacent to the common room , master room and facing kitchen on the north west side. size of the living room is greater than 10 feet long and 3 times greater than 10 feet height. master room is situated in the south west corner. It is situated in the south west side of the living room and south side of common room1 .Size of the master room is greater than 10 feet long.

ID: 23716, description: Balcony one is located at the northwestern point of the floorplan. It is approximately 50 square feet in size. It can be accessed through the kitchen, bathroom and common room 2. Balcony 2 is located in the most southern point of the floorplan, just east of the master room. It is roughly 12 feet in length and five feet in width. Access points include the livingroom and master room. The bathroom is located south of the kitchen. It can be accessed through the east wall of the livingroom, as well as the southern kitchen wall. Common room 2 has acess to the bathroom through its eastern wall.  It is the smallest room in the floorplan. At approximately 25 square feet in size,  it is just a bit smaller than balcony 1 and half the size of balcony 2. Common room one is located on the western portion of the floor plan. It can be accessed through common room 2 at the north, the master room at the south and the livingroom from the east. Common room one is about 100 square feet, 10 feet in length and 10 feet in width, making it the second largest room in the floor plan. Commmon room 2 is just a bit smaller than Common room 1, approximately 90 square feet. It is located just north of Common room 1, with access points including the bathroom at the northeast, balcony at the north, and livingroom at the east. The kitchen is located in the most northern point of the floorplan. It is roughly 50 square feet, 10 feet in length and 5 feet in width. The bathroom can be accessed at the southern point of the kitchen, the first balcony toward the western kitchen wall and the livingroom at the eastern wall. The kitchen is relatively closest in size to the balconies. The livingroom is located in the northeastern portion of the floorplan. It is entered through the front entry door, and is approximately 480 square feet. The bathroom, kitchen, common rooms one and two, the master bedroom and second balcony can all be accessed through the livingroom. The master room is located in the southern end of the floorplan. It is roughly 200 square feet, 10 feet in width and 20 feet in length. The second balcony, livingroom and common room one can be accessed through the master room. The master room is about the size of the two common rooms combined.

ID: 27788, description: Balcony 1 is located at the northern wall. It is north of the living room and master room. It's dimensions are width 12ft and length 5ft. Balcony 2 is located at the southern wall. It is south of the bathroom and is east of the kitchen. It's dimensions are width 8ft and length 15ft. The bathroom is located at the center of 3 rooms. It is west of the common room and east of the living room. It's dimensions are width 4ft and length 8ft. The common room is located at the eastern wall. It is south of the master room and east of the bathroom. It's dimensions are width 10ft and length 15ft. The kitchen is located at the southern wall. It is south of the living room and west of the bathroom. It's dimensions are width 10ft and length 6ft. The living room is located at the western wall. It is west of the master room. It's dimensions are width 15ft and length 45ft. The master room and is located at the north eastern room. It is east of the living room and north of the common room. It's dimensions are width 15ft and length 20ft.

ID: 18887, description: Balcony1 Room Located on west side with kitchen Room on right , Total size of 4 Feet length and 4 Feet Width. Balcony2 Room Located on South east corner with living Room on above , Total size of 10 Feet length and 2 Feet Width. Bath Room on North east corner with living room covered on all direction Room on below , Total size of 7 Feet length and 7 Feet Width. Com Room Located on North west corner with balcony Room on below , Total size of 10 Feet length and 10 Feet Width. Kitchen Room on center on the plan with master Room on below , Total size of 10 Feet length and 8 Feet Width. Living Room on Covered east area with bath Room on Room on inside , Total size of 35 Feet length and 12 Feet Width. Master Room on South west corner with kitchen Room on above , Total size of 13 Feet length and 10 Feet Width.

