ID: 30004, description: The balcony is located in the southwest corner side, It is next to living   , The size of the room is  2 feet width  and 10   feet length The bathroom is located in the northwest corner, It is next to living and next to main door , The size of the room is 6 feet width  and 6  feet length The common room is located in the northeast corner, It is next to kitchen  and living room  , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and  12 feet length The kitchen is located in the east  side, It is between master and common    , The size of the room is 5  feet width  and 10   feet length The living room is located in the north side, It is in center of all other rooms, The size of the room is 12   feet width  and  27  feet length The master room is located in the southeast corner side, It is next to living , The size of the room is 10  feet width  and  11  feet length

ID: 994, description: balcony of size 12 feet x 4 feet is at the bottom below the common room in the south side. bathroom of size 8 feet x 5 feet on the top right side of living room and left side of master bed room. common room of size 12 feet x 15 feet is just below the kitchen room  and balcony and right side of the living room with the entrance door from living room. kitchen is on the left side of living room of size 12 feet x 8 feet between passage and the common room. entrance door is from the living room. living room on the north west side having a size of 15 feet x 30 feet. on the top right hand side bath room of size 8 feet x 5 feet has to be provided in such a way that it is on the left side of the master bed room. a passage of 3 feet has to be provided for the entrance of mater bed room below the bath room and above the kitchen. master bed room in the north east position and a size of 13 feet x 18 feet. A bathroom has to be provided on the left side of it and size of 8 feet x 5 feet. The entrance of the bed room is through a passage of width 3 feet between bath and kitchen from the living room.

ID: 10017, description: The balcony juts out on the south side, with the master to the north. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 5 feet deep, for a total square footage of 60. The bathroom is in the northeast corner with the common room to the south and the living room to the west. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 5 feet deep, for a total square footage of 60. The common room is on the east side with the bathroom to the north, the master room to the south and the living room to the west. Half of the south wall is exterior. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 10 feet deep, for a total square footage of 120. The kitchen is in the southwest corner with the living room to the north and the master room to the east. It is approximately 10 feet wide by 10 feet deep, for a total square footage of 100. The living room is at the northwest corner, with the bathroom and common room to the east, the master room inset at the south west corner, and the kitchen to the south. It is approximately 15 feet wide by 30 feet deep, minus the knock out for the master room, for a total square footage of 400. The master room is on the east side with the living room at the northwest corner, the common room to the north, balcony to the south, and kitchen to the west. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 20 feet deep, for a total square footage of 240.

ID: 10131, description: The balcony is on the south east corner of the apartment next to the living room. It is 5‘ x 12' The bathroom is on the west side of the apartment next to the common room. It is 10‘ x 7' The common room is on the north west corner of the apartment next to the kitchen and bathroom. It is 12' x 12' The kitchen is in the north side of the apartment next to the master room. It is 10‘ x 5‘ The living room is on the southside of the apartment next to the balcony. It is 20‘ x 35' The master room is on the north east side of the apartment next to the living room. It is 15' x 20‘

ID: 64671, description: Balcony 1 is located most northern of the floor plan. It is approximately 180 square feet and is connected by the master to the south and the living room to the south. Balcony 2 is located south of the layout and is attached by the kitchen to the east and the bathroom to the north. It is approximately 15 feet. The bathroom is centrally located in the floor plan right next to the living room. It is east of common room 1 and connected to the south by balcony 2 and the kitchen. The bathroom is approximately 20 feet. Common room 1 is west of the bathroom and the living room and south of common room 2. It is approximately 110 square feet. Common room 2 is west of the master bedroom and living room and is approximately 110 square feet. The kitchen is the southern most room in the floor plan. It is connected by balcony 2 to the west and the bathroom and living room to the north. It is approximately 60 square feet. The living room is the central most room at approximately 350 square feet. It is connected to the balcony and master bedroom to the north, the common rooms 1 and 2 to the west and the bathroom, balcony 2, and kitchen to the south. The master bedroom is north west of the floor plan and is connected to balcony 1 to the north and common room 2 to the south. It is approximately 210 square feet.

