ID: 38835, description: The balcony is the northern most area of the house and is about 4 feet long and 14 feet wide and also borders the master room on it's south side The bathroom is on the north side of the building and the living room is to the south. It measures in at about 14 ft long and 6 feet wide. The common room is located in the southwest corner of the dwelling and living room is on the east flank. The common room is a 16 x 16 square. The kitchen is to the north of the living room and is in the eastern section of the home. It measures about 16 feet long and 12 feet wide. The living room takes the southeast part of the home and it has the kitchen to the north. The living room measures about 22 feet long and 20 feet wide. The master room is part of the northwest part of the house and has the bathroom to it's east side and the master room is around 22 ft long and 20 ft wide.

ID: 67483, description: Balcony 1 is in the back of bathroom. Balcony 2 is in next to the living room. Bathroom is in between the living room and balcony. Kitchen is in correct position . Living Room is a infront of balcony 2 and It is a suitable place for Living room. Master Room is in Corner of the plan.

ID: 77045, description: The balcony is located is above the bathroom. It is 5' x 5'. The bathroom is located north of the living room and in between the master room and the common room with the door facing the living room.  It is a 5' x 5' room. The common room is located north of the kitchen and east of the bath room. It is a 10' x 10' room. The kitchen is located east of the living room and south of the common room.  It is a 10' x 5' room. The living room is located in the southern most part of the house with the front door in the south east corner and it is connected to all other rooms. It is a 20' x 20' room. The master room is located north of the living room and west of the bathroom. It is a 15' x 15' room.

ID: 51393, description: Balcony 1 is located in the middle and right side of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 6 feet by 6 feet.  Directly above it is the master room, to its left is the bathroom and directly below it is the kitchen. Balcony 2 is located in the top left corner of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 9 feet by 7 feet.  Directly below it is the common room and to its right is the master. The bathroom is located on the right and middle portion of the floor plan.  Its dimension is 8 feet by 5 feet.  Directly above it is the master, to its right is balcony 1, and to its bottom right side is the kitchen and finally to its left and bottom left is the living room. The common room is located in the and left side of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 15 feet by 10 feet.  Directly to its right and bottom is the living room.   On its top middle side is balcony 2. The kitchen is located in the bottom half and right side of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 8 feet by 7 feet.  Directly to the left and bottom of it is the living room.  Above it to the left is the bathroom while on its top right is balcony 1. The living room is located primarily in the bottom half of the floor plan, with its bottom and bottom left and right sides serving as borders of the house.  Its total area is about 370 square feet.  Its top and top right side is next to the master.  To its middle right is the bathroom and kitchen.  To the top left is the common room. The master room is located on the top right corner of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 15 feet by 12 feet with a 3 ft by 4 ft  with the bathroom is on its bottom middle, and balcony 1 on it bottom right.

ID: 65801, description: Balcony is on the south end of the house off of the bedroom. Measuring at about 2x15 feet. Bathroom is between kitchen and common room 1 on the north end of the house with one exterior wall. Room is most likely a 10x10 feet. Common room 1 is on northeast end of the house sharing a wall with the bathroom  and living room wiht two exterior walls. Room is most likely 10x12 feet. Common room 2 is on the southeast portion of the house sharing a wall with the bedroom and living room with two exterior walls. Com2 is the same size as Com1 about 10x12 feet. Kitchen is on the northwest end of the hosue sharing a wall with the living room and bathroom with two exterior walls. Kitchen is most likely 10x10 feet. Center of the house with the door of the house entering here. Most likely a 10x30 room stretching from west to east of the house. Southwest of the house sharing a wall with  common room 2 and living room. Has two exterior walls with a balcony off the south side. Room is most likely 10x15 feet.

