ID: 19796, description: The bathroom is centered in the Northern portion of the home. The bathroom is in between the living room on the West side of the home and the kitchen on the Eastern side of the home.The bathroom is 10 ft in width  and 5 ft in length, and is the smallest room in the home. On the Southwest corner of the home is the com room, which is located Southerward from the living room. The com room is 20 feet in width and 10 ft in length.  On the eastern side of the com room is the master room. The kitchen is located within the Northeast corner of the home. The kitchen is situated en suite of the living room, com room, master room, and bathroom. The kitchen is 20 ft in length and 10 ft in width. The master room is next to the kitchen by being located southward from it. The living room is located within the Northwest corner of the home, with the entrance of the home being on the West side wall of the living room. The living room is the largest room within the home. The Southern and Northern walls of the living room are 30 feet long. The Western side wall of the living room is 20 ft long, and the Eastern side is 10 ft long. Within the Southeast corner of the home is the master room. The master bedroom is 20ft in both length and width. On the western side of the master room is the com room. Five feet of the master room on the Northeast side is the kitchen, and five feet on the Northwest side is the living room. Around 18 feet in length on the wester side of the master room is the com room.

ID: 19992, description: balcony is the entrance from living room it is 3 feet length and 20 feet width . bathroom is the east side corner room bathroom in front room as common room it is totally 15 square feet room . common room  is the entrance from living room it is 15 feet length and 10 feet width ratio as 5 over 3. kitchen is the small place room compared to other rooms near room as master room it is the entrance from living room it is 15 feet length and 5 feet width ratio as 5 over 3. living room is entrance from north side it is the center of all room 30 feet length and 20 feet width. master room is the entrance from living room it is the south side corner room square shape room .it is 20 feet length and 20 feet width ratio as 8 over 8.

ID: 4286, description: bathroom is the entrance from the living room .it is also center room 3 feet length and  3 feet width common room is the entrance from living room .it is the square shape room 15 feet length and 15 feet width.ratio as 8 over 8. kitchen is the entrance from living room kitchen room near as master room 15 feet length and 3 feet width ratio as 8 over 3. living room is the entrance of south side .it is the center of all the rooms 20 feet length and 30 feet width near room as master room ,common room kitchen . master room is the entrance of the living room kitchen and common room between the master room 15 feet length and 15 feet width ratio as 8 over 8.

ID: 37907, description: balcony is the bottom side of the master room. the size is 15 feet x 5 feet. bathroom is on the north east corner of the living room. the size is 5 feet x 8 feet. common room is on the right side of the kitchen. the size is 10 feet x 15 feet. kitchen is on the right side of master. the size is 5 feet x 15 feet. living room is the center portion . the size is 30 feet x 20 feet. master is in the bottom side of the living. the size is 15 feet x 15 feet.

ID: 25607, description: balcony is situated in the north west side corner. it is adjacent to kitchen on its east side and master room on its south side.size of balcony is greater than 10 feet long bathroom is situated in the middle of floor plan . it is adjacent to master room on its west side and living room on its east side.size of bathroom is less than 10 feet long. common room 1 is situated in the south west side corner. it is adjacent to common room 2 on its east side and master room on its north side. size of common room 1 is approximately equals to 10 feet long. common room 2 is situated in the middle south side.it is adjacent to common room 1 on its west side and living room on its east side. size of common room 2 is approximately equals to 10 feet long. kitchen is situated in the north east side. it is adjacent to balcony on its west side and living room on its south side. size of kitchen is approximately equals to 10 feet long. Living room is situated in the south east side occupying major part . it is adjacent to common room 2 on its west side and kitchen on its north east side and bathroom on its middle west side. size of living room is greater than 10 feet long master room is situated on the north west side . it is adjacent to common room 1 on its south side and bathroom on its east side and balcony on its north side. size of master room is greater than 10 feet long

