ID: 4132, description: THE BALCONY IS LOCATED ON SOUTH EAST CORNER.IT IS LOCATED NEARBY MASTER ROOM.THE FLOOR AREA IS 40 SQUARE FEET. BATHROOM 1 IS LOCATED ON WEST SIDE.IT IS LOCATED NEARBY MASTER ROOM.THE FLOOR AREA IS 20 SQUARE FEET. BATHROOM 2 IS LOCATED ON WEST SIDE.IT IS LOCATED IN BETWEEN BATHROOM 1 AND COMMON ROOM 2.THE FLOOR AREA IS 32 SQUARE FEET. COMMON ROOM 1 IS LOCATED ON SOUTH SIDE.IT IS LOCATED NEARBY BALCONY.THE FLOOR AREA IS 150 SQUARE FEET. COMMON ROOM 2 IS LOCATED ON NORTH WEST CORNER.IT IS LOCATED NEARBY LIVING ROOM.THE FLOOR AREA IS 100 SQUARE FEET. THE LIVING ROOM IS LOCATED ON NORTH EAST CORNER.IT IS LOCATED NEARBY COMMON ROOM 2.THE FLOOR AREA IS 750 SQUARE FEET. THE MASTER ROOM IS LOCATED ON SOUTH WEST CORNER.IT IS LOCATED NEARBY BATHROOM1.THE FLOOR AREA IS 180 SQUARE FEET.

ID: 25711, description: The balcony is roughly 3 x 12 feet and is located on the southside of the master room. It is on the southwest side of the floorplan. The bathroom is the smallest room in the floorplan, measuring roughly 5 x 8 feet. It is located on the west side of the floorplan, with common room 2 on its north side, the living room on its west side, and the master room on the south side. Common room one measures 15 x 10 feet and is located on the south east side of the floorplan. It borders the master room on its west side and the living room on its north side. Common room 2 measures roughly 12 x 10 feet and is located on the north west side of the floor plan. It borders the kitchen on its east side, the living room on its southeast side, and bathroom on its south side. The kitchen is located on the north side (top center) of the floor plan and measures roughly 5 x 10 feet. It cuts into the living room on its northeast side. The kitchen borders common room 2 on its west side. The living room is the largest room of the floorplan, with its longest sides measuring 20 x 30 feet. It is located in the northeast corner of the apartment and is accessed by the kitchen on its north side, common room 2 on its northwest side, the bathroom on its west side, the master bedroom on its southwest side, and common room 1 on its south side. The master room is located on the southwest corner of the floorplan, and measures roughly 15 x 12 feet, making it the second largest room in the floorplan. It is also the only room in the floorplan which accesses the south facing balcony. The master room borders common room 1 on its east side, the bathroom on its northwest side, and the living room on its northeast side.

ID: 73827, description: The balcony is located in the southeast corner side, It is next to  master and common , The size of the room is 4  feet width  and  10  feet length Bathroom 1 is located in the west side, It is between master and common, The size of the room is 5 feet width  and 5  feet length Bathroom 2 is located in the northeast corner  side, It is next to  living and kitchen   , The size of the room is 5  feet width  and  8  feet length Common room 1 is located in the  northwest corner side, It is next to living room  , The size of the room is 10  feet width  and  12   feet length Common room 2 is located in the east side, It is next to living and balcony , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 12  feet length The kitchen is located in the north side, It is next to living room, The size of the room is  6 feet width  and  9 feet length The living room is located in the east side, It is in front of all other rooms, The size of the room is 10 feet  width  and 16  feet length The master room is located in the southwest corner, It is next to living room , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 11  feet length

ID: 3282, description: Balcony 2 is a little bigger than the balcony 1. It is next to the common room 2 and on the southern part of the house. It is rectangular in shape. Balcony 1 is a little smaller than balcony 2. It is situated on thenorthern part of the house next to the kitchen.It is rectangular in shape. Bath room is situated on the western part of the house. It connects the common room 1 and the master room. It is very small and occupies a very little space in the house. Common rrom 1 is situated on the north western part of the house. It is rectangular in shape. One side of it is connected with the living room. Common room 2 is also the same size as common room 1. One side of it is master room and the other side of the common room 2 is balcony. Kitchen is situated on the north eastern portion of the house. It is very narrow and next to the balcony. Living room is situated in the center of the house. It occupies major portion of the house. One side of all the other rooms are connected with the living room. Master room is another largest room. It is rectangular in shape and is connected to the bath room. It is situated on the south west part of the house. It occupies the southern corner of the house.

ID: 47247, description: Balcony1:
it is situated at the south side, and around 50 sq feet and it is exclusively to the common room 1 which is situated at the north side of the balcony balcony 2:
it is situated at the north side, and also around 50 sq feet area. and on the south side living is situated, and on east side kitchen. Bathroom: there is a bathroom which is common having around 100sq feet area. and it is situated on south east side of the living area. and on the south side of the bathroom  common room1 is situated Common rooom 1:
On the south side of the living room there is a common room 1 which have around 100 sq feet area and on the south side of the room there is a balcony exclusively to this room, and on the west side there is a master bedroom and on north-east side there is a common bathroom. common room 2:
common room 2 is situated at the north east side of the living area, and it is more than 100sq feet area, feel like it is more spacious than common room 1, and on the west side kitchen Kitchen: Kitchen is situated at North side of living room and it have around 100 sq feet area.and on the east side of the kitchen there is a common room2 and on west side there is balcony 2 Living room: Living room is situated almost center of the home. which is around 400-450 square feet. I the north side of the living area have a balcony kitchen and a common room2, and there is a common bathroom on south-east side. and on south side there is master bedroom and another common room. Master Room: Master room is situated on south side of the living area. and it have around 150 sq feet area. on its east side there is a common room1 and no other connection are there.

