ID: 10017, description: The balcony juts out on the south side, with the master to the north. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 5 feet deep, for a total square footage of 60. The bathroom is in the northeast corner with the common room to the south and the living room to the west. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 5 feet deep, for a total square footage of 60. The common room is on the east side with the bathroom to the north, the master room to the south and the living room to the west. Half of the south wall is exterior. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 10 feet deep, for a total square footage of 120. The kitchen is in the southwest corner with the living room to the north and the master room to the east. It is approximately 10 feet wide by 10 feet deep, for a total square footage of 100. The living room is at the northwest corner, with the bathroom and common room to the east, the master room inset at the south west corner, and the kitchen to the south. It is approximately 15 feet wide by 30 feet deep, minus the knock out for the master room, for a total square footage of 400. The master room is on the east side with the living room at the northwest corner, the common room to the north, balcony to the south, and kitchen to the west. It is approximately 12 feet wide by 20 feet deep, for a total square footage of 240.

ID: 10131, description: The balcony is on the south east corner of the apartment next to the living room. It is 5‘ x 12' The bathroom is on the west side of the apartment next to the common room. It is 10‘ x 7' The common room is on the north west corner of the apartment next to the kitchen and bathroom. It is 12' x 12' The kitchen is in the north side of the apartment next to the master room. It is 10‘ x 5‘ The living room is on the southside of the apartment next to the balcony. It is 20‘ x 35' The master room is on the north east side of the apartment next to the living room. It is 15' x 20‘

ID: 72700, description: The balcony is located on the north east corner,it is next to living room,The size of the room is  feet width 3 and 8  feet length The bathroom is located on the southeast corner,it is in the corner of living room,The size of the room is 5 feet width  and 7  feet length The common room is located on the south west corner,it is near to kitchen and next to living room,The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 11  feet length The kitchen is located on the west ,it is next to living room and between master room and common room,The size of the room is 6 feet width  and 6   feet length The living room is located on the east side,it is in front of every room in the plan,The size of the room is 14  feet width  and 18  feet length The master room is located on the northwest corner,it is next to living room and kitchen,The size of the room is 10  feet width  and 10  feet length

ID: 30004, description: The balcony is located in the southwest corner side, It is next to living   , The size of the room is  2 feet width  and 10   feet length The bathroom is located in the northwest corner, It is next to living and next to main door , The size of the room is 6 feet width  and 6  feet length The common room is located in the northeast corner, It is next to kitchen  and living room  , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and  12 feet length The kitchen is located in the east  side, It is between master and common    , The size of the room is 5  feet width  and 10   feet length The living room is located in the north side, It is in center of all other rooms, The size of the room is 12   feet width  and  27  feet length The master room is located in the southeast corner side, It is next to living , The size of the room is 10  feet width  and  11  feet length

ID: 74662, description: The balcony is the smallest room in the house, measuring just 3 feet in the east-west direction and 8 feet in the north-south direction. It is bordered by the kitchen to its east and the bathroom to its north. The balcony is in the south-west corner of the house. The bathroom is in the center of the house. It is next to the living room, which is on its east and north, common room, which is on its west, balcony, on its south, and kitchen, also on its south. It measures 5 feet in the east-west direction by 8 feet in the north-south direction. The common room is on the west side of the house. It is bordered by the living room and bathroom on its east and the master room on its north. Its west side is 15 feet long, while its south side is 10 feet long. The kitchen is in the south east corner of the house. It is south of the living room and east of the balcony. It is square, measuring 10 feet by 10 feet. The living room is the largest room in the house. Its east side measures around 40 feet, while its north side measures around 15 feet. It is in the north-east corner of the house and constitutes most of the east side. It is east of the master room and north of the kitchen room. The master room is in the north west corner of the house, west of the living room and north of the common room and living room. Its west side measures approximately 15 feet and its south side measures approximately 10 feet.

