ID: 38835, description: The balcony is the northern most area of the house and is about 4 feet long and 14 feet wide and also borders the master room on it's south side The bathroom is on the north side of the building and the living room is to the south. It measures in at about 14 ft long and 6 feet wide. The common room is located in the southwest corner of the dwelling and living room is on the east flank. The common room is a 16 x 16 square. The kitchen is to the north of the living room and is in the eastern section of the home. It measures about 16 feet long and 12 feet wide. The living room takes the southeast part of the home and it has the kitchen to the north. The living room measures about 22 feet long and 20 feet wide. The master room is part of the northwest part of the house and has the bathroom to it's east side and the master room is around 22 ft long and 20 ft wide.

ID: 25607, description: balcony is situated in the north west side corner. it is adjacent to kitchen on its east side and master room on its south side.size of balcony is greater than 10 feet long bathroom is situated in the middle of floor plan . it is adjacent to master room on its west side and living room on its east side.size of bathroom is less than 10 feet long. common room 1 is situated in the south west side corner. it is adjacent to common room 2 on its east side and master room on its north side. size of common room 1 is approximately equals to 10 feet long. common room 2 is situated in the middle south side.it is adjacent to common room 1 on its west side and living room on its east side. size of common room 2 is approximately equals to 10 feet long. kitchen is situated in the north east side. it is adjacent to balcony on its west side and living room on its south side. size of kitchen is approximately equals to 10 feet long. Living room is situated in the south east side occupying major part . it is adjacent to common room 2 on its west side and kitchen on its north east side and bathroom on its middle west side. size of living room is greater than 10 feet long master room is situated on the north west side . it is adjacent to common room 1 on its south side and bathroom on its east side and balcony on its north side. size of master room is greater than 10 feet long

ID: 77045, description: The balcony is located is above the bathroom. It is 5' x 5'. The bathroom is located north of the living room and in between the master room and the common room with the door facing the living room.  It is a 5' x 5' room. The common room is located north of the kitchen and east of the bath room. It is a 10' x 10' room. The kitchen is located east of the living room and south of the common room.  It is a 10' x 5' room. The living room is located in the southern most part of the house with the front door in the south east corner and it is connected to all other rooms. It is a 20' x 20' room. The master room is located north of the living room and west of the bathroom. It is a 15' x 15' room.

ID: 67483, description: Balcony 1 is in the back of bathroom. Balcony 2 is in next to the living room. Bathroom is in between the living room and balcony. Kitchen is in correct position . Living Room is a infront of balcony 2 and It is a suitable place for Living room. Master Room is in Corner of the plan.

ID: 73164, description: The bathroom is located at the south eastern corner, which is adjacent to the living room and the common room. It measures approximately 112 square feet. The common room is located at the south western corner, which is adjacent to the living room and the bathroom. It measures approximately 135 square feet. The kitchen is located at the north eastern corner, which is adjacent to the master room and the living room. It measures approximately 140 square feet. The living room is centrally located, to the south of the master room and the kitchen. It measures approximately 344 square feet. The master room is located at the north western corner, which is adjacent to the kitchen and the living room. It measures approximately 240 square feet.

