ID: 19992, description: balcony is the entrance from living room it is 3 feet length and 20 feet width . bathroom is the east side corner room bathroom in front room as common room it is totally 15 square feet room . common room  is the entrance from living room it is 15 feet length and 10 feet width ratio as 5 over 3. kitchen is the small place room compared to other rooms near room as master room it is the entrance from living room it is 15 feet length and 5 feet width ratio as 5 over 3. living room is entrance from north side it is the center of all room 30 feet length and 20 feet width. master room is the entrance from living room it is the south side corner room square shape room .it is 20 feet length and 20 feet width ratio as 8 over 8.

ID: 4286, description: bathroom is the entrance from the living room .it is also center room 3 feet length and  3 feet width common room is the entrance from living room .it is the square shape room 15 feet length and 15 feet width.ratio as 8 over 8. kitchen is the entrance from living room kitchen room near as master room 15 feet length and 3 feet width ratio as 8 over 3. living room is the entrance of south side .it is the center of all the rooms 20 feet length and 30 feet width near room as master room ,common room kitchen . master room is the entrance of the living room kitchen and common room between the master room 15 feet length and 15 feet width ratio as 8 over 8.

ID: 19796, description: The bathroom is centered in the Northern portion of the home. The bathroom is in between the living room on the West side of the home and the kitchen on the Eastern side of the home.The bathroom is 10 ft in width  and 5 ft in length, and is the smallest room in the home. On the Southwest corner of the home is the com room, which is located Southerward from the living room. The com room is 20 feet in width and 10 ft in length.  On the eastern side of the com room is the master room. The kitchen is located within the Northeast corner of the home. The kitchen is situated en suite of the living room, com room, master room, and bathroom. The kitchen is 20 ft in length and 10 ft in width. The master room is next to the kitchen by being located southward from it. The living room is located within the Northwest corner of the home, with the entrance of the home being on the West side wall of the living room. The living room is the largest room within the home. The Southern and Northern walls of the living room are 30 feet long. The Western side wall of the living room is 20 ft long, and the Eastern side is 10 ft long. Within the Southeast corner of the home is the master room. The master bedroom is 20ft in both length and width. On the western side of the master room is the com room. Five feet of the master room on the Northeast side is the kitchen, and five feet on the Northwest side is the living room. Around 18 feet in length on the wester side of the master room is the com room.

ID: 73164, description: The bathroom is located at the south eastern corner, which is adjacent to the living room and the common room. It measures approximately 112 square feet. The common room is located at the south western corner, which is adjacent to the living room and the bathroom. It measures approximately 135 square feet. The kitchen is located at the north eastern corner, which is adjacent to the master room and the living room. It measures approximately 140 square feet. The living room is centrally located, to the south of the master room and the kitchen. It measures approximately 344 square feet. The master room is located at the north western corner, which is adjacent to the kitchen and the living room. It measures approximately 240 square feet.

ID: 72266, description: Balcony is located at south east corner.  North and South side lenght is 12 feet. East and west side lenght is 3 feet. Bathroom is located at down side of kitchen.  North and South side lenght is 12 feet. East and west side lenght is 5 feet. Common room is located at left side of master room. North and South side lenght is 10 feet. East and west side lenght is 12 feet. Kitchen is located in north east corner.  North and South side lenght is 12 feet. East and west side lenght is 5 feet. Living Room is located at north west corner.  North side lenght is 20 feet. South side lenght is 9 feet. East side lenght is 12 feet. West side lenght is 24 feet. Master room is located above the balcony.  North,  east,  west and South side lenght is 12 feet.

