ID: 19346, description: The balcony is located on the easternmost wall a little more north than south on the north to south axis. It touches the living room and the kitchen where it is located east of the living room and south of the kitchen. The approximate size is 3 ft wide by 5 ft in length for a total of 15 square ft. The bathroom 1 is in the center of the floor plan along the north to south axis but located on the western side at the same time with it touching a western wall, common room, master room, and the living room. It is north of the master room, south of the common room, and west of the living room. The approximate size of the bath is 7 ft by 7 ft for a total of 49 square ft. Bathroom 2 is located more west than east on the east to west axis and almost as north as possible touching common room 1 and the living room. Bathroom 2 is located east of common room 1 and south, north, and west of the living room. The approximate size of bathroom 2 is 5 ft wide by 3 ft long for a total of 15 square ft. The common room is in the northwest corner of the floor plan touching the northernmost and westernmost walls as well as bathroom 2, bathroom 1, and the living room. It is located north of bathroom 1, west of the living room and bathroom 2. The size of the common room is approximately 12 ft wide by 10 ft long for a total of 120 square ft. The kitchen is in the northeast corner of the floor plan touching the northernmost and easternmost wall as well as the living room and balcony. The kitchen is east of the living room and north of the balcony. The kitchen is approximately 7 ft wide by 10 ft in length for 70 total square ft. The living room is located more east than west in the floor plan but does take up the center of it. The living room spans from the southernmost wall to the northernmost wall and touches one of the eastern walls with a northern facing front door. The living room touches bathroom 2, master room, bathroom 1, common room, kitchen, and balcony. It is east of the master room, east of bathroom 1, east of common room, north, south, and east of bathroom 2, west of the kitchen, and west of the balcony. The approximate size of the living room is 15 ft wide by 40 ft in length for a total of 600 square ft. The master room is in the southwestern corner of the floor plan touching the southernmost and one of the west walls as well as bathroom 1 and the living room. It is West of the living room and south of bathroom 1. The approximate size of the master room is 10 ft wide by 15 ft in length for a total of 150 square ft.

ID: 6777, description: The balcony 1 is behind the kitchen and living room on the east side of the house is approximately 2 X2 feet. There is a balcony behind the living room facing the south side of the house that is approximately 4 X2 feet in size. While entering the house, there is a common bathroom between the north west side of the living room and the east side of common room 2. Behind the bathroom, there is a pathway space from the living room. The restroom measures approximately 7x7 feet. While entering the house, there is a common room 2 located between the north west side of the living room and the west side of the bath room and the north side of the common room 1. The area approximately 10x7 feet There is a communal area. 1 between the north-west corner of the living room and the south-west corner of the common room 1 The area approximately 10x7 A kitchen is located on the north east side of the house, behind the east side of the living room and the north side of the balcony one, and  be a space of 10 X 11 feet. The living room is in front of you as you enter the house. The main entrance is on the north side. While entering the living room, there is a 5 foot entrance pathway and later the living room is rectangular in shape and around 10X16 in width and height. There is one master bedroom on the south west side of the house, attached to the living room and common room 1, with a floor space of approximately 10X 11 feet .

ID: 71082, description: balcony 1 is entrance from living room  .it is 2 feet length and 10 feet width aspect ratio as 1 over 4. Balcony 2 is entrance from living room .it is 15 feet length and 3 feet width aspect ratio as 5 over 1. Bathroom is entrance from living room .it is 5 feet length and 5 feet width aspect ratio as 3 over3. Common room is entrance from living room .it is 15 feet length and 15 feet width aspect ratio as 5 over 5. kitchen is entrance from living room .it is 5 feet length and 10 feet width aspect ratio as 3 over 4. living room is entrance from south side .it is 15 feet length and 30 feet width aspect ratio as 5 over 7. Master room is entrance from living room .it is 10 feet length and 15 feet width aspect ratio as 4 over 5.it is in northeast corner room.

ID: 36396, description: Location:The absolute location of balcony 1 in the floor plan is south side.
Relationship:The absolute location of balcony 1 in the floor plan is near to master room.
Size:The area of balcony 1 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of balcony 2 in the floor plan is east side.
Relationship:The absolute location of balcony 2 in the floor plan is next to kitchen and near living room.
Size:The area of balcony 2 in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the bathroom in the floor plan is north east corner.
Relationship:The absolute location of the bathroom in the floor plan is next to storage and near kitchen.
Size:The area of the bathroom in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the common room in the floor plan is north west corner.
Relationship:The absolute location of the common room in the floor plan is next to master room and opposite to storage,bathroom and kitchen.
Size:The area of the common room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the kitchen in the floor plan is east side.
Relationship:The absolute location of the kitchen in the floor plan is between bathroom and balcony 2.
Size:The area of the kitchen in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the living room in the floor plan is east side.
Relationship:The absolute location of the living room in the floor plan is between master room,common room,bathroom,storage,kitchen and balcony 2
Size:The area of the living room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the master room in the floor plan is south west corner.
Relationship:The absolute location of the master room in the floor plan is near common room and balcony 1.
Size:The area of the master room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet. Location:The absolute location of the storage room in the floor plan is north side.
Relationship:The absolute location of the storage room in the floor plan is near bathroom and opposite to common room.
Size:The area of the storage room in floor plan is 10 sq rt feet.

ID: 46039, description: Balcony 1 is at the south exterior of the kitchen to the west of the bathroom, extending to the west from the main body of the home 8 ft at a 2:1 aspect ratio.  The balcony 1 is 4 feet deep north to south. Balcony 2 forms the southernmost extent of the home just south of the master room, which occupies the west southern half of the main area of the home, and south of the living area which occupies the east south half of the main area of the home.  Balcony 2 is 24 feet east to west by 4 feet deep, 6:1 aspect ratio. The bathroom is 8 feet square which extends into the kitchen on its west side where it adjoins the balcony in the southwest of the bathroom at the exterior corner where the kitchen and balcony extend west from the main area of the home. The bathroom extends into the living area on its east and north sides. 15 feet wide by 18 feet north to south, the common room forms the area to the east of the living room that extends out from the main body of the house after a slight shift south at a 1 ft exterior corner at the east side of the living area.  There are exterior walls to the north and south of the common room and it forms the easternmost extent of the home. The kitchen is 10 ft by 12 feet at a 5:6 aspect ratio length to width with the bathroom extending into the interior corner of the kitchen 2 feet from the east and 3 feet from the south.  Balcony 1 to the south of the kitchen forms the southern exterior, and the kitchen is the westernmost part of the home extending out from the main area with exterior west and north walls.  The living area to the east connects the kitchen to the rest of the home. The entrance to the home is centered on the north side of the living room.  To the east of this entrance the living room connects to the common area. To the west of the living area is the kitchen.  Both the common area and kitchen extend out to the sides from the main area of the house, forming the arms of a "T" shape, with the living area 18 feet east to west between the common area and kitchen to 8 feet south of the north exterior wall.  the bathroom cuts out about 4 feet wide by 6 feet long.  The living area is about 16 feet wide in the northern half of the home east of the bathroom and west of the common area.  The living area continues south east of the master room, and is about 12 feet wide in the southern half of the home where it extends east below the common area 20 ft further south forming the east exterior wall of the home, with the master room occupying the west half of the southern half of the home.  Both of the master room and living area join with balcony 2 which forms the south exterior extent of the home. The master room is directly west of the living area.  It has a 3:5 aspect ratio and its area is 12 feet west to east and 20 feet north to south from the southern extent where it joins the balcony.

