ID: 30859, description: The bathroom is located at the west side of the floor plan by the left side of the livingroom, jus above the common room and it has an area size of about 35 sqrt feet The common room is located at the south west corner of the floor plan by the left side of the kitchen and it has an area size of about 169 sqrt feet The kitchen is located at the south central part of the floor plan by the left side of the master room and it has a vertical length of about 11 feet and a horizontal width of about 7 feet The livingroom spans from the central region to the entire north side of the floor plan just above the master room,  kitchen  and common room and it has a horizontal length of about 28 feet and a vertical width of about 13 feet at the east side and 23 feet at the west side The master room is located at the south east corner of the floor plan by the right side of the kitchen and it has an area size of about 210 sqrt feet

ID: 4286, description: bathroom is the entrance from the living room .it is also center room 3 feet length and  3 feet width common room is the entrance from living room .it is the square shape room 15 feet length and 15 feet width.ratio as 8 over 8. kitchen is the entrance from living room kitchen room near as master room 15 feet length and 3 feet width ratio as 8 over 3. living room is the entrance of south side .it is the center of all the rooms 20 feet length and 30 feet width near room as master room ,common room kitchen . master room is the entrance of the living room kitchen and common room between the master room 15 feet length and 15 feet width ratio as 8 over 8.

ID: 73164, description: The bathroom is located at the south eastern corner, which is adjacent to the living room and the common room. It measures approximately 112 square feet. The common room is located at the south western corner, which is adjacent to the living room and the bathroom. It measures approximately 135 square feet. The kitchen is located at the north eastern corner, which is adjacent to the master room and the living room. It measures approximately 140 square feet. The living room is centrally located, to the south of the master room and the kitchen. It measures approximately 344 square feet. The master room is located at the north western corner, which is adjacent to the kitchen and the living room. It measures approximately 240 square feet.

ID: 19796, description: The bathroom is centered in the Northern portion of the home. The bathroom is in between the living room on the West side of the home and the kitchen on the Eastern side of the home.The bathroom is 10 ft in width  and 5 ft in length, and is the smallest room in the home. On the Southwest corner of the home is the com room, which is located Southerward from the living room. The com room is 20 feet in width and 10 ft in length.  On the eastern side of the com room is the master room. The kitchen is located within the Northeast corner of the home. The kitchen is situated en suite of the living room, com room, master room, and bathroom. The kitchen is 20 ft in length and 10 ft in width. The master room is next to the kitchen by being located southward from it. The living room is located within the Northwest corner of the home, with the entrance of the home being on the West side wall of the living room. The living room is the largest room within the home. The Southern and Northern walls of the living room are 30 feet long. The Western side wall of the living room is 20 ft long, and the Eastern side is 10 ft long. Within the Southeast corner of the home is the master room. The master bedroom is 20ft in both length and width. On the western side of the master room is the com room. Five feet of the master room on the Northeast side is the kitchen, and five feet on the Northwest side is the living room. Around 18 feet in length on the wester side of the master room is the com room.

ID: 65801, description: Balcony is on the south end of the house off of the bedroom. Measuring at about 2x15 feet. Bathroom is between kitchen and common room 1 on the north end of the house with one exterior wall. Room is most likely a 10x10 feet. Common room 1 is on northeast end of the house sharing a wall with the bathroom  and living room wiht two exterior walls. Room is most likely 10x12 feet. Common room 2 is on the southeast portion of the house sharing a wall with the bedroom and living room with two exterior walls. Com2 is the same size as Com1 about 10x12 feet. Kitchen is on the northwest end of the hosue sharing a wall with the living room and bathroom with two exterior walls. Kitchen is most likely 10x10 feet. Center of the house with the door of the house entering here. Most likely a 10x30 room stretching from west to east of the house. Southwest of the house sharing a wall with  common room 2 and living room. Has two exterior walls with a balcony off the south side. Room is most likely 10x15 feet.

