ID: 35149, description: balcony 1 is located in the southeast corner side, balcony 1 is next to living , The size of the room is 5  feet width  and  14  feet length balcony 2 is  located in the north side, balcony 2 is next to living room ,The size of the room is 4  feet width  and 10   feet Bathroom 1 is located in the west side,bathroom  is between bathroom 2 and common, The size of the room is 5 feet width  and 6  feet length bathroom 2 is located in the west side, bathroom 2 is in the northwest corner of the master room, The size of the room is 5  feet width  and 6  feet length common room  is located in the northeast corner, common room is next to living room and between balcony 2 and bath 1 , The size of the room is  feet width  and   feet length Kitchen is located in the northeast corner side, Kitchen is next to living room and balcony 2 , The size of the Kitchen  is 8  feet width  and 10   feet length Living room is located in the east side, Living room is in front of all other rooms, The size of the Living room is 14  feet  width  and 40  feet length Master Room is located in the southwest corner, Master Room is next to living room  , The size of the  Master Room is 10 feet width  and 20  feet

ID: 55086, description: the entire southern edge of the living area is bordered by the 14x3 balcony 2. Squeezed into the northwest corner adjacent to the kitchen the 6x3 balcony 1 sits just off the living area. situated between the common room and master bed, the 10x8 bathroom is on the western side. just off of the living room and to the north of the bath is the 10x12 common room. The 12x10 kitchen is located in the northeast corner and adjacent to the balcony 2 and living area. taking up most of the eastern wall, the 22x16 living area is bordered by the kitchen to the north and common room, master bed to the west. The 12x14 master bed takes up the entire southwest corner and is adjacent to bath 1 and the living area.

ID: 30721, description: Balcony 1 is located on the middle of north side and between kitchen and common room. size is 8*10 Balcony 2 is located on the south side and behind the living room. size is 12*2 The bathroom is located in the middle of west and between master and common room. size is 8*6 The common room is located on the north west corner and near to bathroom and living room. size is 10*14 The kitchen is located on the north east corner and near to balcony1. size is 6*10 The living room is located on the east side and east facing. near to all other room. size is 12*30 The master room is located on the south west corner and near to living and bathroom. size is 10*14

ID: 41277, description: This is on the Northern side of the apartment with access from the living room. It is approximately 10ft by 2ft. This is located on the south side of the apartment with access from the living room. It is approximately 12ft by 2ft. This room is approximately 8ft by 8ft. It is located on the western side of the floor plan. It is accessible from the living room, common room and master bedroom. This room is in the northwest corner of the apartment. It is accessible through the bathroom and the living room. It is approximately 10ft by 10ft. This room is in the north east corner of the floor plan. The room is approximately 7ft in width and 10ft in length. It has direct access t the living area. This room is central in the apartment. It is approximately 50ft across at its widest and 30ft in length. There is access to every other room. It is located on the eastern half of the floorplan This room is located in the south west corner of the apartment. It measures approximately 10ft in width and 15 ft in length. It has access to the living room.

ID: 46660, description: The balcony 1 is located in the northeast corner of the floorplan touching the northernmost and easternmost walls as well as the kitchen and common room 2. It is north of the kitchen and east of common room 2. The approximate size of balcony 1 is 5 ft in width by 3 ft in length for a total of 15 square ft. Balcony 2 is located at the southeast corner of the floor plan touching the southernmost wall and an eastern wall as well as the living room. It lies south of the living room and its approximate size is 12 ft in width by 3 ft in length for a total of 36 square ft. The bathroom is located in the center of the floor plan on the north to south axis but is located far west touching one of the western walls. It also touches common room 1, the master room, and the living room. The bathroom is west of the living room, north of the master room, and south of the common room 1. It is approximately 4 ft wide by 7 ft in length for a total of 28 square ft. Common room 1 is located in the northwest corner of the floorplan touching the northernmost and a western wall as well as the living room, bathroom, and common room 2. It is west of common room 2, north of common room 1, and northwest of the living room. The approximate size of the common room 1 is 10 ft by 10 ft plus a little 2 ft by 2 ft section for the hallway for a total of 104 square ft. Common room 2 is located fairly centered along the east to west line being a little more east than west lying on the northern most wall also touching balcony 1, common room 1, the kitchen, and the living room. It is north of the living room, east of common room 1, and west of both balcony 1 and the kitchen. It is approximately 10 ft wide by 7 ft in length for a total of 70 square ft. The kitchen is located in the northeast portion of the floor plan touching the eastern most wall but is not the furthest north being south of balcony 1. The kitchen also touches common room 2 and the living room where it is east of common room 2 and the living room. The approximate size of the kitchen is 5 ft in width by 10 ft in length for a total of 50 square ft. The living room is located fairly centered amongst the north to south axis being a little more south overall and lies fairly centered on the east to west axis as well being a little more east than west. The living room also touches the common room 2, common room 1, bathroom, master room, kitchen, and balcony 2. It is north of balcony 2, east of the master room and bathroom, southeast of the common room 1, south of common room 2, and southwest of the kitchen. The approximate size of the living room is 12 ft in width by 20 ft in length for a total of 240 square ft. The master room is located in the southwest corner of the floor plan touching the westernmost and a southern facing wall as well as the living room and bathroom. It is west of the living room and south of the bathroom. The master room is approximately 12 ft by 12 ft for a total of 144 square ft.

