ID: 19992, description: balcony is the entrance from living room it is 3 feet length and 20 feet width . bathroom is the east side corner room bathroom in front room as common room it is totally 15 square feet room . common room  is the entrance from living room it is 15 feet length and 10 feet width ratio as 5 over 3. kitchen is the small place room compared to other rooms near room as master room it is the entrance from living room it is 15 feet length and 5 feet width ratio as 5 over 3. living room is entrance from north side it is the center of all room 30 feet length and 20 feet width. master room is the entrance from living room it is the south side corner room square shape room .it is 20 feet length and 20 feet width ratio as 8 over 8.

ID: 4286, description: bathroom is the entrance from the living room .it is also center room 3 feet length and  3 feet width common room is the entrance from living room .it is the square shape room 15 feet length and 15 feet width.ratio as 8 over 8. kitchen is the entrance from living room kitchen room near as master room 15 feet length and 3 feet width ratio as 8 over 3. living room is the entrance of south side .it is the center of all the rooms 20 feet length and 30 feet width near room as master room ,common room kitchen . master room is the entrance of the living room kitchen and common room between the master room 15 feet length and 15 feet width ratio as 8 over 8.

ID: 30859, description: The bathroom is located at the west side of the floor plan by the left side of the livingroom, jus above the common room and it has an area size of about 35 sqrt feet The common room is located at the south west corner of the floor plan by the left side of the kitchen and it has an area size of about 169 sqrt feet The kitchen is located at the south central part of the floor plan by the left side of the master room and it has a vertical length of about 11 feet and a horizontal width of about 7 feet The livingroom spans from the central region to the entire north side of the floor plan just above the master room,  kitchen  and common room and it has a horizontal length of about 28 feet and a vertical width of about 13 feet at the east side and 23 feet at the west side The master room is located at the south east corner of the floor plan by the right side of the kitchen and it has an area size of about 210 sqrt feet

ID: 73164, description: The bathroom is located at the south eastern corner, which is adjacent to the living room and the common room. It measures approximately 112 square feet. The common room is located at the south western corner, which is adjacent to the living room and the bathroom. It measures approximately 135 square feet. The kitchen is located at the north eastern corner, which is adjacent to the master room and the living room. It measures approximately 140 square feet. The living room is centrally located, to the south of the master room and the kitchen. It measures approximately 344 square feet. The master room is located at the north western corner, which is adjacent to the kitchen and the living room. It measures approximately 240 square feet.

ID: 77045, description: The balcony is located is above the bathroom. It is 5' x 5'. The bathroom is located north of the living room and in between the master room and the common room with the door facing the living room.  It is a 5' x 5' room. The common room is located north of the kitchen and east of the bath room. It is a 10' x 10' room. The kitchen is located east of the living room and south of the common room.  It is a 10' x 5' room. The living room is located in the southern most part of the house with the front door in the south east corner and it is connected to all other rooms. It is a 20' x 20' room. The master room is located north of the living room and west of the bathroom. It is a 15' x 15' room.

