ID: 69704, description: Balcony 1 is on the south east end of the house and is approximately 8x8 feet; 64 square feet. It is east of the kitchen, and south of the common room. Balcony 2 is on the north west end of the house and is approximately 5x12 feet; 60 square feet. The living room is south of balcony 2, and the master is east of balcony 1. The bathroom is on the east side of the house and is approximately 8x10 feet; 80 square feet. The common room is south of the bathroom, the master is north of the bathroom, and the living room is west of the bathroom. The common room is on the south east end of the house and is approximately 110 square feet. The living room is west of the common room, the bathroom is north of the common room, the kitchen is south west of the common room, and balcony 1 is south of the common room. The kitchen is on the south end of the house and is approximately 8x12 feet; 96 square feet. The living room is north of the kitchen, balcony 2 is east of the kitchen, and the common room is north east of the kitchen. The living room is approximately 250 square feet. It is on the west side of the house. It is adjacent to balcony 2, the master, the bathroom, the common room, and the kitchen. Balcony 2 is north of the living room, the master is north east of the living room, the bathroom is east of the living room, and common room is south east of the living room, and the kitchen is south of the living room. The master room is on the north east end of the house. It is approximately 150 square feet. The bathroom is south of the master, the living room is west of the master, and balcony 2 is north west of the master.

ID: 9795, description: The first balcony is on the north west corner of the apartment next to the living room and it measures 12‘ x 10‘ The second balconies on the south east corner of the apartment next to the kitchen and it measures 10‘ x 5‘ The bathroom is on the east side of the apartment next to the common room and it measures 5‘ x 5‘ The common room is on the east side of the apartment next to the bathroom and it measures 12‘ x 12' The kitchen is on the south side of the apartment next to the second balcony and it measures 10‘ x 10‘ The living room is on the west side of the apartment next to the bathroom and it measures 15‘ x 30‘ The master bedroom is on the northeast corner of the apartment next to the bathroom and he measures 12‘ x 12'

ID: 62549, description: balcony 1 is on the bottom side of the living room and its size is 15 feet x 5 feet. balcony 2 is on the north side and it is on the left side of the kitchen. the size is 5 feet x 5 feet. bathroom is in between common 1 and common 2 room. the size is 10 feet x 6 feet. common 1 is on the top side of the bathroom and its dimensions are 12 feet x12 feet. common 2 is on the bottom side of the bathroom and its dimensions are 10 feet x 10 feet. kitchen is on the top side of the living and is in the north side. size is 8 feet 10 feet. living room is the center part. the size is 15 feet x 45 feet. master room is on the left side of the living. the size is 12 feet x16 feet. it is placed on the south west side.

ID: 40487, description: The balcony 1 is positioned at the north west corner of the floor plan by the left side of the kitchen and just above the common room.  It has a vertical length of about 7 feet and a horizontal width of about 2 feet The balcony 2 is located at the south east corner of the floor plan just below the livingroom and it has a horizontal length of 15 feet and a vertical width of 8 feet The bathroom is situated at the central west side of the floor plan sandwiched between the common room at the top and the master room at the bottom. It has a horizontal length of about 9 feet and a vertical width of about 8 feet The common room is located at the north west side of the floor plan just above the bathroom and it has an area size of about 144 sqrt feet The kitchen is positioned at the north central region of the floor plan sandwiched between the balcony 1 by the left and the protrusion of the livingroom by the right. It has an area size of about 90 sqrt feet The livingroom is located at the east side of the floor plan covering towards the central region.  It by the right side  of the common room,  bathroom  and master room.  It has a vertical length of about 38 feet and a horizontal width of about 13 feet The master room is located at the south west corner of the floor plan just below the bathroom and it has an area of about 144 sqrt feet

ID: 47060, description: The balcony is on the north west corner of the apartment next to the common room. It is 12' x 3‘ The bathroom is on the north side of the apartment next to the master room. It is 5‘ x 5‘ The common room is on the north side of the apartment next to the living room. It is 15‘ x 12' The kitchen is on the east side of the apartment next to the living room. It is 10‘ x 10' Living room is on the south side of the apartment next to the kitchen. It is 30‘ x 20 feet The master room is on the north east corner of the apartment next to the bathroom. It is 12‘ x 15‘

