ID: 54792, description: balcony at south direction downside of living room size 10*3 feet bathroom at west direction upside of common room size 6*3 feet common room at south west corner left side of living room size 12*10 feet kitchen at north east corner upside of kitchen size  10*8 feet living roon at south east direction upside of balcony size 25*12 feet master room at north west corner left side of kitchen size 12*10 feet

ID: 38478, description: The balcony is located on the southeast corner side, It is next to living and near to master , The size of the room is 4  feet width  and  10  feet length The bathroom is located on the west side, It is next to common and living , The size of the room is 4 feet width  and  6 feet length The common room is located on the south west corner, It is next to kitchen and near to bath , The size of the room is 09  feet width  and 10  feet length it is located in the south side , It is next to living room and between master and common ,The size of the room is 7 feet width  and 8  feet length The living room is located on the northeast corner, It is in front of all other rooms, The size of the room is 15 feet width  and 18  feet length The master room is located on the south side , It is next to living room and between kitchen and balcony , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 10  feet length

ID: 12043, description: The balcony is located on the southeast corner, It is next to living room   , The size of the room is  2 feet width  and 10   feet length The bathroom is located on the west  side, It is between master and common    , The size of the room is 5  feet width  and 5   feet length The common room is located on the south west corner, It is next to living  , The size of the room is 10  feet width  and 10  feet length The kitchen is located on the north east corner, It is next to  living room, The size of the room is 7 feet width  and  8 feet length The living room is located on the east side, It is in front of all other rooms, The size of the room is 10 feet  width  and 22  feet length The master room is located on the north west corner, It is next to living , The size of the room is 10 feet width  and  10 feet length

ID: 33084, description: The bathroom is on the west side of the house and the living room is to the east side of the bathroom. It measures about 8 feet long and 6 feet wide. The common room is taking up the south west corner of the home and the living room is to the east. It measures in at about 14 feet long and 12 feet wide. The kitchen takes up the northeast corner of the structure with the master room to it's west. It measures about 10 feet wide and 6 feet long. The living room covers most of the east side of the house and touches the south side of the home. It has the common room to it's west and it measures about 34 ft. long and 20 feet wide. The master room is on the north west corner of the structure with the kitchen at it's east side. It is approximately 14 feet in length and 12 feet in width.

ID: 47834, description: balcony-1 is located at south east corner and in front of the living room. It has the size of 5 feet width and 15 feet length. balcony-2 is located at south west corner and adjacent to the living room. It has the size of 4 feet width and 10 feet length. bathroom  is located middle of  west side and it is between the common room and master room. It has the square size of 6 feet side. common room is located at  south east side. It is behind the balcony and adjacent to living room. It has the size 12 feet width and 15 feet length. Living room  is occupied the entire east part of the plan from north to south area but excluding balcany 1 and balcony-2. It has the rectangular area of around 450 sqr. feet. master room is located at north west corner. It is adjacent to living room. It has the size of 12 feet width and 16 feet length.

