ID: 20671, description: A Balcony is located at the northeast side corner of the building. And this is placed next to the master room. And also size of the balcony is more or equal 5 feet. A bathroom is located at south side of the building. This is placed next to the living room. And the bathroom size is nearly 4 feet. A common room is located at south east corner side of the building. This is placed to next to the bathroom. And the size of the common room 1 is nearly 10 feet. A kitchen room is located at north side of the building. This is placed next to the living room. And the size of the kitchen room is nearly 4 feet. A living room is located from southwest to northwest side of the building. This is placed next to kitchen. And the size of the living room is nearly 12 feet. A master room is located at north side of the building. This is placed between kitchen and balcony. The size of the master room is nearly 10 feet. A storage room is located at east side of the building. And this is placed next to common room. And size of the storage room is nearly 5 feet.

ID: 9383, description: The balcony is located on the southwest corner of the home. It is attached to the main bedroom. The balcony size is 10' x 20' in area space. The bathroom is located on the North side of the home. It sits between the common area and the living room. The bathroom is about 20' x 10' in size. The common room is located on the northwest side of the home. It is located between the master bathroom and the kitchen. The common area is about 30' x 20' in area space and is about 1/3 of the size of the home. The kitchen is located on the west side of the home. The kitchen is in between the master bedroom and the common area. The kitchen is about 30'x 10' x 30' in size. The living room of the home is located ion the southeast end of the home. It is located between the Master bedroom and the bathroom. The area is 10 x 50 x 10 in size and covers about 2/3 of the house as far as the area space. The Master bedroom is located on the south side of the home. It is located between the living room and the kitchen and has a balcony on the west side of the room connecting to it. The area of the master bedroom is about 20' x 20'x 20' in area size.

ID: 11039, description: The balcony lies to the absolute south of the living room. The balcony is about 10 X 5. The bathroom lies immediately to the left after entering the front door and is right adjacent to the kitchen. The bathroom lies in the top left corner of the living room. The bathroom is about 8 X 5. The entrance to the first common room is straight ahead of the hallway from the living room. Common room 1 is about 10 X 15. Common room 1 lies South of the master bedroom and the right of Common room 2. Common room 2 lies to the bottom left of the living room. The size is about 10 X 10.Lies to the right of Common room 1 and South of the kitchen. The kitchen is immediately to the left of the bathroom and living room, the kitchen is about 7 X 10 and is to the right of the master bedroom and north of the second common room. You enter the living room as soon as you go through the front door. The living room is roughly 15 X 25 with an additional 10 foot hallway leading into the kitchen, master bedroom and both addition bedrooms, the bathroom is attached to the north of living room adjacent to the kitchen and to the right of the entrance. attached to the living room is the balcony to the south. The master bedroom is to the right at the end of the hallway from the living room, the master bedroom is 15 X 10, the master bedroom is to the left of the kitchen and to the north of the first common room

ID: 35787, description: The balcony is on the northern edge of the house, to the north of the living room. The approximate dimensions are 15X4. The bathroom is on the southern edge of the house. It is surrounded on the west and north by the living room, and the common room is to the east. The approximate dimensions are 9X6. The common room is on the southeast corner of the house. The bathroom and living room are to the west, and the master room is to the north. The approximate dimensions are 13X13. The kitchen is on the northern side of the house. The living room is to the south and west, and the master room is to the east. The approximate dimensions are 6X14. The living room is on the western side of the house. There is a balcony to the north, and the bathroom and the kitchen are to the east of the main area of the living room. The dimensions of the main area are 15X28. The master room is on the northeast corner of the house. The kitchen is to the west, and the living room and common room are to the south. The approximate dimensions are 14X14.

ID: 50510, description: Balcony 1 is located in the north front facing wall in the home. Below the balcony, is the bathroom, and 1st common room. The balcony is 10feet wide, by 10feet long. Balcony 2 is located in the rear, south wall of the home. Above the balcony is the living room. The balcony size is approximately 5 feet long, by 10 feet wide. The bathroom is west of the front entrance of the home, and left of the living room. The bathroom is approximately 5feet long by 5feet wide. North of the bathroom is the main balcony, and west of the bathroom is the main common room. The bathroom location shares the living room hallway that connects to the main area of the home. The common room 1 is located in the north-west corner of the home. Directly north of the master bedroom. The main common room is approximately 15feet wide, by 10 feet long. To the right of the common room is the bathroom. The common room 2 is located on the south wall of the home. The common room 1 is between the east living room area, and the master bedroom. The size of the second common room is approximately 10feet long, by 10feet wide. The living room is located south of the front entrance. The room is facing north-south. The living room connects to the south balcony, along with the west hallway that connects to the master, bath, and both com rooms. The living room is 10feet wide, and 25 feet long. The master bedroom is located in the south-west corner of the home. The room is 15feet length, and 10feet width. The master shares the west side of the home with the 1st common room, located north of the master. To the east of the master is the second common room.

