ID: 72700, description: The balcony is located on the north east corner,it is next to living room,The size of the room is  feet width 3 and 8  feet length The bathroom is located on the southeast corner,it is in the corner of living room,The size of the room is 5 feet width  and 7  feet length The common room is located on the south west corner,it is near to kitchen and next to living room,The size of the room is 10 feet width  and 11  feet length The kitchen is located on the west ,it is next to living room and between master room and common room,The size of the room is 6 feet width  and 6   feet length The living room is located on the east side,it is in front of every room in the plan,The size of the room is 14  feet width  and 18  feet length The master room is located on the northwest corner,it is next to living room and kitchen,The size of the room is 10  feet width  and 10  feet length

ID: 22002, description: The balcony is in the north west of the apartment, next to the master bedroom. It is about 12 x 5 ft. The bathroom is in the south east side of the apartment, next to the living room. It is about 10 x 5 ft. The common room is in the south west corner of the apartment, next to the kitchen. It is about 12 x 15 ft. The kitchen is in the west side of the apartment, next to the living room. It is about 15 x 5 ft. The living room is in the east side of the apartment, next to the kitchen. It is about 30 x 20 ft. The master bedroom is in the west of the apartment, next to the kitchen. It is about 12 x 12 ft.

ID: 22487, description: The balcony is on the south side of the house. To the north is the master, and to the east, south, and west are house exterior. The bath is on the north side of the house. To the north and west are house exterior. To the south is the living room. To the northeast is another 2 feet exterior wall and to the southeast is the living room alcove. It is about 6 by 6 feet. The common room is on the north side of the house. To the north and east are house exterior. To the south is the kitchen with another 5 feet exterior wall east of the kitchen. To the northwest is another 2 feet exterior wall, to the southwest is the living room, with the living room alcove between them. It is about 16 feet wide by 13 feet long. The kitchen is on the east side of the house. To the north is the common room, to the east is the house exterior, to the south is the master, and the living room to the west. It is about 11 feet wide by 6 feet long. The living room is on the west side of the house. To the northwest is the bathroom and to the northeast is the common room, and there is an alcove between them leading to the main entry.  To the east is the kitchen and master, both south of the common room. To the south and west are house exterior. It is about 15 feet wide by 30 feet long, plus another 4 by 4 feet for the alcove. The master is on the east side of the house. To the north is the kitchen, to the east is house exterior, to the south is the balcony, and the living room to the west. It is about 11 feet wide by 16 feet long.

ID: 10131, description: The balcony is on the south east corner of the apartment next to the living room. It is 5‘ x 12' The bathroom is on the west side of the apartment next to the common room. It is 10‘ x 7' The common room is on the north west corner of the apartment next to the kitchen and bathroom. It is 12' x 12' The kitchen is in the north side of the apartment next to the master room. It is 10‘ x 5‘ The living room is on the southside of the apartment next to the balcony. It is 20‘ x 35' The master room is on the north east side of the apartment next to the living room. It is 15' x 20‘

ID: 75828, description: The balcony is located on the southwest corner and near to kitchen and common2. size is 4*14 The bathroom is located in the west side and between the common1 and common2. size is 7*7 Common room 1 is located in the north west corner and near to bathroom and master room. size is 16*16 Common room 2 is located on the west side and near to the balcony and kitchen. size is 12*12 The kitchen is located on the south side and near to the balcony and common room2. size is 12*6 The living room is located on the east side and south facing. near to the kitchen, common2 and master room. size is 20*22 The master room is located on the northeast corner and near to the common1 and living room. size is 15*10

