ID: 67483, description: Balcony 1 is in the back of bathroom. Balcony 2 is in next to the living room. Bathroom is in between the living room and balcony. Kitchen is in correct position . Living Room is a infront of balcony 2 and It is a suitable place for Living room. Master Room is in Corner of the plan.

ID: 77045, description: The balcony is located is above the bathroom. It is 5' x 5'. The bathroom is located north of the living room and in between the master room and the common room with the door facing the living room.  It is a 5' x 5' room. The common room is located north of the kitchen and east of the bath room. It is a 10' x 10' room. The kitchen is located east of the living room and south of the common room.  It is a 10' x 5' room. The living room is located in the southern most part of the house with the front door in the south east corner and it is connected to all other rooms. It is a 20' x 20' room. The master room is located north of the living room and west of the bathroom. It is a 15' x 15' room.

ID: 51393, description: Balcony 1 is located in the middle and right side of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 6 feet by 6 feet.  Directly above it is the master room, to its left is the bathroom and directly below it is the kitchen. Balcony 2 is located in the top left corner of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 9 feet by 7 feet.  Directly below it is the common room and to its right is the master. The bathroom is located on the right and middle portion of the floor plan.  Its dimension is 8 feet by 5 feet.  Directly above it is the master, to its right is balcony 1, and to its bottom right side is the kitchen and finally to its left and bottom left is the living room. The common room is located in the and left side of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 15 feet by 10 feet.  Directly to its right and bottom is the living room.   On its top middle side is balcony 2. The kitchen is located in the bottom half and right side of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 8 feet by 7 feet.  Directly to the left and bottom of it is the living room.  Above it to the left is the bathroom while on its top right is balcony 1. The living room is located primarily in the bottom half of the floor plan, with its bottom and bottom left and right sides serving as borders of the house.  Its total area is about 370 square feet.  Its top and top right side is next to the master.  To its middle right is the bathroom and kitchen.  To the top left is the common room. The master room is located on the top right corner of the floor plan.   Its dimension is 15 feet by 12 feet with a 3 ft by 4 ft  with the bathroom is on its bottom middle, and balcony 1 on it bottom right.

ID: 25607, description: balcony is situated in the north west side corner. it is adjacent to kitchen on its east side and master room on its south side.size of balcony is greater than 10 feet long bathroom is situated in the middle of floor plan . it is adjacent to master room on its west side and living room on its east side.size of bathroom is less than 10 feet long. common room 1 is situated in the south west side corner. it is adjacent to common room 2 on its east side and master room on its north side. size of common room 1 is approximately equals to 10 feet long. common room 2 is situated in the middle south side.it is adjacent to common room 1 on its west side and living room on its east side. size of common room 2 is approximately equals to 10 feet long. kitchen is situated in the north east side. it is adjacent to balcony on its west side and living room on its south side. size of kitchen is approximately equals to 10 feet long. Living room is situated in the south east side occupying major part . it is adjacent to common room 2 on its west side and kitchen on its north east side and bathroom on its middle west side. size of living room is greater than 10 feet long master room is situated on the north west side . it is adjacent to common room 1 on its south side and bathroom on its east side and balcony on its north side. size of master room is greater than 10 feet long

ID: 10984, description: balcony at  south west corner  downside of common room 2 size 12*2 feet bathroom1 at east direction upside of master room size 10*3 feet bathroom2 at  east direction upside of bathroom 1size 10*3 feet common room1 at  west direction upside of living room size 8*8 feet common room2 at south west  direction downside of living room size 12*12 feet kitchen at north direction upside of living room size 10*3 feet living room at west to east direction upside of common room2 size 25*15 feet master room at south east corner down side of bathroom 1 15*10 feet

